   The Project Gutenberg EBook of The Geographical Distribution of Animals  
Volume II  by Alfred Russel Wallace 
 
This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with 
almost no restrictions whatsoever   You may copy it  give it away or 
re use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included 
with this eBook or online at www gutenberg org license 
 
 
Title  The Geographical Distribution of Animals  Volume II 
       With a study of the relations of living and extinct faunas 
       as elucidating the past changes of the Earth s surface 
 
Author  Alfred Russel Wallace 
 
Release Date  February 6  2018  EBook  56507  
 
Language  English 
 
 
    START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK GEOGRAPHICAL DISTRIBUTION  VOL  2     
 
 
 
 
Produced by Keith Edkins  MWS and the Online Distributed 
Proofreading Team at http   www pgdp net  This file was 
produced from images generously made available by The 
Internet Archive  
 
 
 
 
 
Transcriber s note  The Errata  after the List of Plates  have been worked 
into the main text  All other apparent mistakes have been retained as 
printed  Text enclosed by underscores is in italics   italics    page 
numbers enclosed by curly braces  example   25   have been incorporated to 
facilitate the use of the Index   
 
                                         
 
 
 
 
THE GEOGRAPHICAL 
 
DISTRIBUTION OF ANIMALS 
 
 WITH A STUDY OF THE RELATIONS OF LIVING AND EXTINCT FAUNAS AS ELUCIDATING 
THE PAST CHANGES OF THE EARTH S SURFACE   
 
BY 
 
ALFRED RUSSEL WALLACE  
 
AUTHOR OF  THE MALAY ARCHIPELAGO   ETC  
 
WITH MAPS AND ILLUSTRATIONS  
 
 IN TWO VOLUMES   VOLUME II   
 
London  MACMILLAN AND CO  1876  
 
  The Right of Translation and Reproduction is Reserved    
 
 
 
 
  LONDON  
  R  CLAY  SONS  AND TAYLOR  PRINTERS  
  BREAD STREET HILL  
 
 
 
 
  CONTENTS OF THE SECOND VOLUME  
 
  PART III    continued    
 
  ZOOLOGICAL GEOGRAPHY  A REVIEW OF THE CHIEF FORMS OF 
  ANIMAL LIFE IN THE SEVERAL REGIONS AND SUB REGIONS  
  WITH THE INDICATIONS THEY AFFORD OF GEOGRAPHICAL MUTATIONS  
 
  CHAPTER XIV  
 
  THE NEOTROPICAL REGION  
 
  General Zoological Features of the Neotropical Region  p  5   Distinctive 
  Characters of Neotropical Mammalia  p  6   Of Neotropical Birds  p  7    
  Neotropical Reptiles  p  9   Fresh water Fishes  p  12   Insects  p  13  
    Coleoptera  p  15   Land Shells  p  19   Marine Shells  p  20    
  Brazilian Sub region  p  21   Its Mammalia  p  23   Its Birds  p  24    
  Islands of Tropical South America  Galapagos  p  29   Chilian Sub region 
   p  36   Birds  p  38   Reptiles and Amphibia  p  40   Fresh water 
  Fishes  p  42   Lepidoptera  p  42   Coleoptera  p  44   Islands of South 
  Temperate America  p  49   Mexican Sub region  p  51   Mammalia and 
  Birds  p  52   Reptiles and Fishes  p  54   Insects  p  55   Relations of 
  the Mexican Sub region to the North and South American Continents  p  57  
    Islands of the Mexican Sub region  p  59   The Antillean Sub region 
   p  60   Its Mammalia  p  62   Its Birds  p  64   Table of the Resident 
  Land Birds of the Antilles  p  68   Reptiles  p  72   Insects  p  73    
  Land Shells  p  75   Past History of the Antilles  p  78   Summary of the 
  Past History of the Neotropical Region  p  80   Table I  Families of 
  Animals inhabiting the Neotropical Region  p  85   Table II  Genera of 
  Terrestrial Mammalia and Birds of the Neotropical Region  p  91  
                                                                      1 113 
 
  CHAPTER XV  
 
  THE NEARCTIC REGION  
  Zoological Characteristics of the Nearctic Region  p  115   List of 
  Typical Nearctic Genera of Land Birds  p  118   Summary of Nearctic 
  Vertebrata  p  120   Insects  p  122   Terrestrial and Fluviatile 
  Mollusca  p  124   The Californian Sub region  p  127   The Rocky 
  Mountain Sub region  p  129   The Alleghany Sub region  p  131   The 
  Bermudas  p  134   The Canadian Sub region  p  135   Greenland 
   p  138   Table I  Families of Animals inhabiting the Nearctic Region 
   p  140   Table II  Genera of Terrestrial Mammalia and Birds of the 
  Nearctic Region  p  145                                           114 153 
 
  CHAPTER XVI  
 
  SUMMARY OF THE PAST CHANGES AND GENERAL RELATIONS OF THE SEVERAL REGIONS 
                                                                    154 164 
 
  PART IV  
 
  GEOGRAPHICAL ZOOLOGY  A SYSTEMATIC SKETCH OF THE CHIEF FAMILIES OF LAND 
  ANIMALS IN THEIR GEOGRAPHICAL RELATIONS  
 
  INTRODUCTION                                                      167 169 
 
  CHAPTER XVII  
 
  THE DISTRIBUTION OF THE FAMILIES AND GENERA OF MAMMALIA  
 
  Primates  p  170   General Remarks on the Distribution of Primates 
   p  179   Chiroptera  p  181   Remarks on the Distribution of Chiroptera 
   p  185   Insectivora  p  186   General Remarks on the Distribution of 
  Insectivora  p  191   Carnivora  p  192   General Remarks on the 
  Distribution of the Carnivora  p  204   Cetacea  p  207   Sirenia 
   p  210   Ungulata  p  211   General Remarks on the Distribution of the 
  Ungulata  p  226   Proboscidea  p  227   Hyracoidea  p  228   Rodentia 
   p  229   General Remarks on the Distribution of the Rodentia  p  243    
  Edentata  p  244   General Remarks on the Distribution of the Edentata 
   p  247   Marsupialia  p  248   General Remarks on the Distribution of 
  Marsupialia  p  253   Monotremata  p  253                         170 254 
 
  CHAPTER XVIII  
 
  THE DISTRIBUTION OF THE FAMILIES AND GENERA OF BIRDS  
 
  Passeres  p  255   General Remarks on the Distribution of the Passeres 
   p  299   Picari    p  302   General Remarks on the Distribution of the 
  Picari    p  322   Psittaci  p  324   General Remarks on the Distribution 
  of the Psittaci  p  329   Columb    p  331   General Remarks on the 
  Distribution of the Columb    p  335   Gallin    p  337   General Remarks 
  on the Distribution of Gallin    p  344   Opisthocomi  p  345   Accipitres 
   p  345   General Remarks on the Distribution of the Accipitres  p  351  
    Grall    p  351   General Remarks on the Distribution of the Grall   
   p  362   Anseres  p  363   General Remarks on the Distribution of the 
  Anseres  p  367   Struthiones  p  368   Struthious Birds recently Extinct 
   p  369   General Remarks on the Distribution of the Struthiones  p  370  
                                                                    255 371 
 
  CHAPTER XIX  
 
  THE DISTRIBUTION OF THE FAMILIES AND GENERA OF REPTILES AND AMPHIBIA  
 
  Ophidia  p  372   General Remarks on the Distribution of Ophidia  p  386  
    Lacertilia  p  388   General Remarks on the Distribution of Lacertilia 
   p  403   Rhyncocephalina  p  405   Crocodilia  p  405   General Remarks 
  on the Distribution of Crocodilia  p  406   Chelonia  p  407   Remarks on 
  the Distribution of Chelonia  p  410   Amphibia  Pseudophidia  p  411    
  Urodela  p  411   Anura  p  414   General Remarks on the Distribution of 
  Amphibia  p  422                                                  372 423 
 
  CHAPTER XX  
 
  THE DISTRIBUTION OF THE FAMILIES OF FISHES  WITH THE RANGE OF SUCH GENERA 
  AS INHABIT FRESH WATER  
 
  Acanthopterygii  p  424    Acanthopterygii Pharyngognathi  p  437    
  Anacanthini  p  439   Physostomi  p  441   Lophobranchii  p  456    
  Plectognathi  p  457   Sirenoidei  p  458   Ganoidei  p  458    
  Chondropterygii  p  460   Cyclostomata  p  463   Leptocardii  p  464    
  Remarks on the Distribution of Fishes  p  464                     424 467 
 
  CHAPTER XXI  
 
  THE DISTRIBUTION OF SOME OF THE MORE IMPORTANT FAMILIES AND GENERA OF 
  INSECTS  
 
  Lepidoptera  p  470   General Remarks on the Distribution of the Diurnal 
  Lepidoptera and Sphingidea  p  483   Coleoptera  p  486   Cicindelid   
   p  486   Carabid    p  488   Lucanid    p  492   Cetoniid    p  494    
  Buprestid    p  495   Longicornia  p  498   General Observations on the 
  Distribution of Coleoptera  p  502                                468 503 
 
  CHAPTER XXII  
 
  AN OUTLINE OF THE GEOGRAPHICAL DISTRIBUTION OF MOLLUSCA  
 
  Cephalopoda  p  505   Gasteropoda  p  507   Pulmonifera  p  512   General 
  Observations on the Distribution of Land Mollusca  p  522   Pteropoda 
   p  531   Brachiopoda  p  532   Conchifera  p  533   General Remarks on 
  the Distribution of Marine Mollusca  p  537                       504 539 
 
  CHAPTER XXIII  
 
  SUMMARY OF THE DISTRIBUTION AND LINES OF MIGRATION OF THE SEVERAL 
  CLASSES OF ANIMALS  
 
  Mammalia  p  540   Lines of Migration of the Mammalia  p  544   Birds 
   p  545   Reptiles  p  547   Amphibia  p  548   Fresh water Fishes 
   p  549   Insects  p  550   Terrestrial Mollusca  p  551   Conclusion 
   p  552                                                           540 553 
 
  GENERAL INDEX                                                         557 
 
 
 
 
MAPS AND ILLUSTRATIONS IN VOL  II  
 
 
 
                                                              To face page  
 
  1  Map of the Neotropical Region                                        3 
 
  2  Plate   XIV  A Brazilian Forest with Characteristic Mammalia        24 
 
  3  Plate    XV  A Scene on the Upper Amazon  with some Characteristic 
                    Birds                                                28 
 
  4  Plate   XVI  The Chilian Andes  with Characteristic Animals         40 
 
  5  Plate  XVII  A Scene in Cuba  with Characteristic Animals           67 
 
  6  Map of the Nearctic Region                                         115 
 
  7  Plate XVIII  Scene in California with some Characteristic Birds    128 
 
  8  Plate   XIX  The North American Prairies with Characteristic 
                    Mammalia                                            130 
 
  9  Plate    XX  A Canadian Forest with Characteristic Mammalia        136 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ERRATA IN VOL  II  
 
As in Vol  I  mis spellings are not given here  being mostly corrected in 
the Index  
 
 
  Page 111  No  642   for  1  read  2  
       111  No  643   for  15  read  9  
       267  line 7   add  Borneo  
       276  line 10   for  16 Genera  read  11 Genera  
            8 lines from foot  for  Drepanornis  read  Neodrepanis   
       291  5 lines from foot  for  Sayornis  read  Empidias   
 
 
 
 
THE 
 
GEOGRAPHICAL DISTRIBUTION 
OF ANIMALS  
 
PART III    continued    
 
 ZOOLOGICAL GEOGRAPHY   
 
 A REVIEW OF THE CHIEF FORMS OF ANIMAL LIFE IN THE SEVERAL REGIONS AND 
SUB REGIONS  WITH THE INDICATIONS THEY AFFORD OF GEOGRAPHICAL MUTATIONS   
 
 Illustration  NEOTROPICAL REGION  
 
 
 
 
 3 CHAPTER XIV  
 
THE NEOTROPICAL REGION  
 
 
This region  comprehending not only South America but Tropical North 
America and the Antilles  may be compared as to extent with the Ethiopian 
region  but it is distinguished from all the other great zoological 
divisions of the globe  by the small proportion of its surface occupied by 
deserts  by the large proportion of its lowlands  and by the altogether 
unequalled extent and luxuriance of its tropical forests  It further 
possesses a grand mountain range  rivalling the Himalayas in altitude and 
far surpassing them in extent  and which  being wholly situated within the 
region and running through eighty degrees of latitude  offers a variety of 
conditions and an extent of mountain slopes  of lofty plateaus and of deep 
valleys  which no other tropical region can approach  It has a further 
advantage in a southward prolongation far into the temperate zone  
equivalent to a still greater extension of its lofty plateaus  and this 
has  no doubt  aided the development of the peculiar alpine forms of life 
which abound in the southern Andes  The climate of this region is 
exceptionally favourable  Owing to the lofty mountain range situated along 
its western margin  the moisture laden trade winds from the Atlantic have 
free access to the interior  A sufficient proportion of this moisture 
reaches the higher slopes of the Andes  where its condensation gives rise 
to innumerable streams  which cut deep ravines and carry down such an 
amount of sediment  that they have formed the vast plains of the Amazon  of 
 4 Paraguay  and of the Orinooko out of what were once  no doubt  arms of 
the sea  separating the large islands of Guiana  Brazil  and the Andes  
From these concurrent favourable conditions  there has resulted that 
inexhaustible variety of generic and specific forms with a somewhat limited 
range of family and ordinal types  which characterise neotropical zoology 
to a degree nowhere else to be met with  
 
Together with this variety and richness  there is a remarkable uniformity 
of animal life over all the tropical continental portions of the region  so 
that its division into sub regions is a matter of some difficulty  There 
is  however  no doubt about separating the West Indian islands as forming a 
well marked subdivision  characterised  not only by that poverty of forms 
which is a general feature of ancient insular groups  but also by a number 
of peculiar generic types  some of which are quite foreign to the remainder 
of the region  We must exclude  however  the islands of Trinidad  Tobago  
and a few other small islands near the coast  which zoologically form a 
part of the main land  Again  the South Temperate portion of the continent  
together with the high plateaus of the Andes to near the equator  form a 
well marked subdivision  characterised by a peculiar fauna  very distinct 
both positively and negatively from that of the tropical lowland districts  
The rest of Tropical South America is so homogeneous in its forms of life 
that it cannot be conveniently subdivided for the purposes of a work like 
the present  There are  no doubt  considerable differences in various parts 
of its vast area  due partly to its having been once separated into three 
or more islands  in part to existing diversities of physical conditions  
and more exact knowledge may enable us to form several provinces or perhaps 
additional sub regions  A large proportion of the genera  however  when 
sufficiently numerous in species  range over almost the whole extent of 
this sub region wherever the conditions are favourable  Even the Andes do 
not seem to form such a barrier as has been supposed  North of the equator  
where its western slopes are moist and forest clad  most of the genera are 
found on both sides  To the south of this line its western valleys are arid 
and its lower plains almost deserts  and thus the absence of a  5 number of 
groups to which verdant forests are essential  can be traced to the 
unsuitable conditions rather than to the existence of the mountain barrier  
All Tropical South America  therefore  is here considered to form but one 
sub region  
 
The portion of North America that lies within the tropics  closely 
resembles the last sub region in general zoological features  It possesses 
hardly any positive distinctions  but there are several of a negative 
character  many important groups being wholly confined to South America  On 
the other hand many genera range into Mexico and Guatemala from the north  
which never reach South America  so that it is convenient to separate this 
district as a sub region  which forms  to some extent  a transition to the 
Nearctic region  
 
 General Zoological Features of the Neotropical Region    Richness combined 
with isolation is the predominant feature of Neotropical zoology  and no 
other region can approach it in the number of its peculiar family and 
generic types  It has eight families of Mammalia absolutely confined to it  
besides several others which are rare elsewhere  These consist of two 
families of monkeys  Cebid   and Hapalid    both abounding in genera and 
species  the Phyllostomid    or blood sucking bats  Chinchillid   and Caviid   
among rodents  besides the greater part of the Octodontid    Echimyid   and 
Cercolabid    Among edentata  it has Bradypodid    or sloths  Dasypodid    or 
armadillos  and Myrmecophagid    or anteaters  constituting nearly the 
entire order  while Procyonid    belonging to the carnivora  and 
Didelphyid    a family of marsupials  only extend into the Nearctic region  
It has also many peculiar groups of carnivora and of Murid    making a total 
of full a hundred genera confined to the region  Hardly less remarkable is 
the absence of many wide spread groups  With the exception of one genus in 
the West Indian islands and a  Sorex  which reaches Guatemala and Costa 
Rica  the Insectivora are wholly wanting  as is also the extensive and 
wide spread family of the Viverrid    It has no oxen or sheep  and indeed no 
form of ruminant except deer and llamas  neither do its vast forests and 
grassy plains support a single form of non ruminant ungulate  except the 
tapir and the peccary  
 
 6  Birds    In birds  the Neotropical region is even richer and more 
isolated  It possesses no less than 23 families wholly confined within its 
limits  with 7 others which only extend into the Nearctic region  The names 
of the peculiar families are  C  rebid    or sugar birds  Phytotomid    or 
plant cutters  Piprid    or manakins  Cotingid    or chatterers  
Formicariid    or ant thrushes  Dendrocolaptid    or tree creepers  
Pteroptochid    Rhamphastid    or toucans  Bucconid    or puff birds  
Galbulid    or jacamas  Todid    or todies  Momotid    or motmots  
Steatornithid    the guacharo  or oil bird  Cracid    or curassows  Tinamid    
or tinamous  Opisthocomid    the hoazin  Thinocorid    Cariamid    Aramid    
Psophiid    or trumpeters  Eurypygid    or sun bitterns  and Palamedeid    or 
horned screamers  The seven which it possesses in common with North America 
are  Vireonid    or greenlets  Mniotiltid    or wood warblers  Tanagrid    or 
tanagers  Icterid    or hang nests  Tyrannid    or tyrant shrikes  
Trochilid    or humming birds  and Conurid    or macaws  Most of these 
families abound in genera and species  and many are of immense extent  such 
as Trochilid    with 115 genera  and nearly 400 species  Tyrannid    with 
more than 60 genera and nearly 300 species  Tanagrid    with 43 genera and 
300 species  Dendrocolaptid   with 43 genera and more than 200 species  and 
many other very large groups  There are nearly 600 genera peculiar to the 
Neotropical region  but in using this number as a basis of comparison with 
other regions we must remember  that owing to several ornithologists having 
made the birds of South America a special study  they have perhaps been 
more minutely subdivided than in the case of other entire tropical regions  
 
 Distinctive Characters of Neotropical Mammalia    It is important also to 
consider the kind and amount of difference between the various animal forms 
of this region and of the Old World  To begin with the Quadrumana  all the 
larger American monkeys  Cebid    differ from every Old World group in the 
possession of an additional molar tooth in each jaw  and it is in this 
group alone that the tail is developed into a prehensile organ of wonderful 
power  adapting the animals to a purely arboreal life  Four of the genera  
comprising more than half the  7 species  have the prehensile tail  the 
remainder having this organ either short  or lax as in the Old World 
monkeys  Other differences from Old World apes  are the possession of a 
broad nasal septum  and a less opposable thumb  and the absence of 
cheek pouches  ischial callosities  and a bony ear tube  The Hapalid    or 
marmozets  agree with the Cebid   in all these characters  but have others 
in addition which still more widely separate them from the Simiid    such as 
an additional premolar tooth  acute claws  and thumb not at all opposable  
so that the whole group of American monkeys are radically different from 
the remainder of the order  
 
The Procyonid   are a distinct family of Carnivora  which make up for the 
scarcity of Mustelid   in South America  The Suid   are represented by the 
very distinct genus  Dicotyles   Peccary  forming a separate sub family  
and differing from all other genera in their dentition  the absence of tail 
and of one of the toes of the hind feet  the possession of a dorsal gland  
and only two mamm    The rodents are represented by the Chinchillid   and 
Caviid    the latter comprising the largest animals in the order  The 
Edentata are almost wholly confined to this region  and the three families 
of the sloths  Bradypodid     armadillos  Dasypodid     and ant eaters 
 Myrmecophagid     are widely separated in structure from any Old World 
animals  Lastly  we have the opossums  Didelphyid     a family of 
marsupials  but having no close affinity to any of the numerous Australian 
forms of that order  We have already arrived at the conclusion that the 
presence of marsupials in South America is not due to any direct 
transference from Australia  but that their introduction is comparatively 
recent  and that they came from the Old World by way of North America  vol  
i   p  155   But the numerous and deep seated peculiarities of many other 
of its mammalia  would indicate a very remote origin  and a long continued 
isolation of South America from the rest of the world is required  in order 
to account for the preservation and development of so many distinct groups 
of comparatively low type quadrupeds  
 
 Distinctive Characters of Neotropical Birds    The birds which are 
especially characteristic of this region  present similar distinctive 
features  In the enormous group of Passerine  8 birds which  though 
comprising nearly three fourths of the entire class  yet presents hardly 
any well marked differences of structure by which it can be subdivided  the 
families confined to America are  for the most part  more closely related 
to each other than to the Old World groups  The ten families forming the 
group of  Formicaroid Passeres   in our arrangement  vol  i   p  94   are 
characterised by the absence of singing muscles in the larynx  and also by 
an unusual development of the first primary quill  and seven of this series 
of families  which are considered to be less perfectly developed than the 
great mass of Old World passeres  are exclusively American  the three 
belonging to the Eastern hemisphere being of small extent  Another group of 
ten families  our  Tanagroid Passeres   are characterised by the abortion 
or very rudimentary condition of the first quill  and of these  five are 
exclusively American  and have numerous genera and species  while only two 
are non American  and these are of small extent  On the other hand the 
 Turdoid Passeres   consisting of 23 families and comprising all the true 
 singing birds   is poorly represented in America  no family being 
exclusively Neotropical  and only three being at all fully represented in 
South America  though they comprise the great mass of the Old World 
passeres  These peculiarities  which group together whole series of 
families of American birds  point to early separation and long isolation  
no less surely than the more remarkable structural divergences presented by 
the Neotropical mammalia  
 
In the Picari    we have first  the toucans  Rhamphastid     an extraordinary 
and beautiful family  whose enormous gaily coloured bills and long 
feathered tongues  separate them widely from all other birds  The Galbulid   
or jacamars  the motmots  Momotid     and the curious little todies  Todid    
of the Antilles  are also isolated groups  But most remarkable of all is 
the wonderful family of the humming birds  which ranges over all America 
from Tierra del Fuego to Sitka  and from the level plains of the Amazon to 
above the snow line on the Andes  which abounds both in genera  species  
and individuals  and is yet strictly confined to this continent alone  How 
vast must have been the time required to develop those beautiful and 
 9 highly specialized forms out of some ancestral swift like type  how 
complete and long continued the isolation of their birthplace to have 
allowed of their modification and adaptation to such divergent climates and 
conditions  yet never to have permitted them to establish themselves in the 
other continents  No naturalist can study in detail this single family of 
birds  without being profoundly impressed with the vast antiquity of the 
South American continent  its long isolation from the rest of the land 
surface of the globe  and the persistence through countless ages of all the 
conditions requisite for the development and increase of varied forms of 
animal life  
 
Passing on to the parrot tribe  we find the peculiar family of the 
Conurid    of which the macaws are the highest development  very largely 
represented  It is in the gallinaceous birds however that we again meet 
with wholly isolated groups  The Cracid    including the curassows and 
guans  have no immediate relations with any of the Old World families  
Professor Huxley considers them to approach nearest to  though still very 
remote from  the Australian megapodes  and here  as in the case of the 
marsupials  we probably have divergent modifications of an ancient type 
once widely distributed  not a direct communication between the southern 
continents  The Tinamid   or tinamous  point to a still more remote 
antiquity  since their nearest allies are believed to be the Struthiones or 
ostrich tribe  of which a few representatives are scattered widely over the 
globe  The hoazin of Guiana  Opisthocomus  is another isolated form  not 
only the type of a family  but perhaps of an extinct order of birds  
Passing on to the waders  we have a number of peculiar family types  all 
indicative of antiquity and isolation  The  Cariama  of the plains of 
Brazil  a bird somewhat intermediate between a bustard and a hawk  is one 
of these  the elegant  Psophia  or trumpeter of the Amazonian forests  the 
beautiful little sun bittern of the river banks   Eurypyga    and the 
horned screamers   Palamedea    all form distinct and isolated families of 
birds  to which the Old World offers nothing directly comparable  
 
 Reptiles    The Neotropical region is very rich in varied forms of reptile 
life  and the species are very abundant  It has six  10 altogether peculiar 
families  and several others which only range into the Nearctic region  as 
well as a very large number of peculiar or characteristic genera  As the 
orders of reptiles differ considerably in their distributional features  
they must be considered separately  
 
The snakes  Ophidia  differ from all other reptiles  and from most other 
orders of vertebrates  in the wide average distribution of the families  so 
that such an isolated region as the Neotropical possesses no peculiar 
family  nor even one confined to the American continent  The families of 
most restricted range are  the Scytalid    only found elsewhere in the 
Philippine islands  the Amblycephalid    common to the Oriental and 
Neotropical regions  and the Tortricid    most abundant in the Oriental 
region  but found also in the Austro Malay islands and Tropical South 
America  Sixteen of the families of snakes occur in the region  the 
Colubrid    Amblycephalid    and Pythonid    being those which are best 
represented by peculiar forms  There are 25 peculiar or characteristic 
genera  the most important being  Dromicus   Colubrid      Boa   
 Epicrates   and  Ungalia   Pythonid      Elaps   Elapid     and 
 Craspedocephalus   Crotalid     
 
The lizards  Lacertilia  are generally more restricted in their range  
hence we find that out of 15 families which inhabit the region  5 are 
altogether peculiar  and 4 more extend only to N  America  The peculiar 
families are Helodermid    Anadiad    Chirocolid    Iphisiad    and 
Cercosaurid    but it must be noted that these all possess but a single 
genus each  and only two of them  Chirocolid   and Cercosaurid    have more 
than a single species  The families which range over both South and North 
America are Chirotid    Chalcid    Teid    and Iguanid    the first and second 
are of small extent  but the other two are very large groups  the Teid   
possessing 12 genera and near 80 species  the Iguanid   40 genera and near 
150 species  the greater part of which are Neotropical  There are more than 
50 peculiar or highly characteristic genera of lizards  about 40 of which 
belong to the Teid   and Iguanid    which thus especially characterize the 
region  The most important and characteristic genera are the following  
 Ameiva   Teid      Gymnopthalmus   Gymnopthalmid      11  Celestus  and 
 Diploglossus   Scincid      Sph  rodactylus   Geckotid      Liocephalus   
 Liol  mus    Proctotretus   and many smaller genera  Iguanid     The three 
extensive Old World families Varanid    Lacertid    and Agamid    are absent 
from the entire American continent  
 
In the order Crocodilia  America has the peculiar family of the alligators 
 Alligatorid     as well as several species of true crocodiles 
 Crocodilid     The Chelonia  tortoises  are represented by the families 
Testudinid   and Chelydid    both of wide range  but there are six peculiar 
genera    Dermatemys  and  Staurotypus  belonging to the former 
family    Peltocephalus    Podocnemis    Hydromedusa   and  Chelys   to the 
latter  Some of the Amazon river turtles of the genus  Podocnemys  rival in 
size the largest species of true marine turtles  Cheloniid     and are 
equally good for food  
 
 Amphibia    The Neotropical region possesses representatives of sixteen 
families of Amphibia of which four are peculiar  all belonging to Anoura or 
tail less Batrachians  The C  ciliad   or snake like amphibia  are 
represented by two peculiar genera   Siphonopsis  and  Rhinatrema   Tailed 
Batrachians are almost unknown  only a few species of  Spelerpes  
 Salamandrid    entering Central America  and one extending as far south as 
the Andes of Bogota in South America  Tail less Batrachians on the other 
hand  are abundant  there being 14 families represented  of which 
4   Rhinophrynd    Hylaplesid    Plectromantid    and Pipid   are peculiar  
None of these families contain more than a single genus  and only the 
second more than a single species  so that it is not these which give a 
character to the South American Amphibia fauna  The most important and best 
represented families are  Ranid    true frogs   with eleven genera and more 
than 50 species  Polypedatid    tree frogs  with seven genera and about 40 
species  Hylid    tree frogs  with eight genera and nearly 30 species  
Engystomid    toads   5 genera   Bombinatorid    frogs    4 genera   
Phryniscid   and Bufonid    toads    each with 2 genera   are also fairly 
represented  All these families are widely distributed  but the Neotropical 
genera are  in almost every case  peculiar  
 
 12  Fresh water fishes    The great rivers of Tropical America abound in 
fish of many strange forms and peculiar types  Three families  and three 
sub family groups are peculiar  while the number of peculiar genera is 
about 120  The peculiar families are Polycentrid    with two genera  
Gymnotid    a family which includes the electric eels   5 genera   and 
Trygonid    the rays  which are everywhere marine except in the great rivers 
of South America  where many species are found  belonging to two genera  Of 
the extensive family Silurid    three sub families Silurid   anomalopter    S  
olisthopter    and S  branchiol    are confined to this region  The larger 
and more important of the peculiar genera are the following   Percilia   
inhabiting Chilian and  Percichthys  South Temperate rivers  belong to the 
Perch family  Percid      Acharnes   found only in Guiana  belongs to the 
Nandid    a family of wide range in the tropics  the Chromid    a family of 
exclusively fresh water fishes found in the tropics of the Ethiopian  
Oriental and Neotropical regions  are here represented by 15 genera  the 
more important being  Acara   17 sp     Heros   26 sp     Crenicichla   9 
sp     Satanoperca   7 sp    Many of these fishes are beautifully marked 
and coloured  The Silurid   proteropter   are represented by 14 genera  of 
which  Pimelodus   42 sp    and  Platystoma   11 sp    are the most 
important  the Silurid   stenobranchi   by 11 genera  the chief being  Doras  
 13 sp     Auchenipterus   9 sp    and  Oxydoras   7 sp    The Silurid   
proteropodes are represented by 16 genera  many of them being among the 
most singular of fresh water fishes  clothed in coats of mail  and armed 
with hooks and serrated spines  The following are the most 
important    Ch  tostomus   25 sp     Loricaria   17 sp     Plecostonus   15 
sp   and  Callichthys   11 sp    The Characinid   are divided between 
Tropical America and Tropical Africa  the former possessing about 40 genera 
and 200 species  The Haplochitonid   are confined to South America and 
Australia  the American genus being  Haplochiton   The Cyprinodontid   are 
represented by 18 genera  the most important being   P  cilia   16 sp    
 Girardinus   10 sp    and  Gambusia   8 sp   The Osteoglossid    found in 
Australian and African rivers  are represented in South America by the 
peculiar  Arapaima   the  pirarucu  of the  13 Amazon  The ancient 
Sirenoidei  also found in Australia and Africa  have the  Lepidosiren  as 
their American representative  Lastly   Ellipisurus  is a genus of rays 
peculiar to the fresh waters of South America  We may expect these numbers 
to be largely increased and many new genera to be added  when the extensive 
collections made by Agassiz in Brazil are described  
 
 Summary of Neotropical Vertebrates    Summarizing the preceding facts  we 
find that the Neotropical region possesses no less than 45 families and 
more than 900 genera of Vertebrata which are altogether peculiar to it  
while it has representatives of 168 families out of a total of 330  showing 
that 162 families are altogether absent  It has also representatives of 131 
genera of Mammalia of which 103 are peculiar to it  a proportion of 4 5  
while of 683 genera of land birds no less than 576 are peculiar  being 
almost exactly 5 6 of the whole  These numbers and proportions are far 
higher than in the case of any other region  
 
 
 Insects   
 
The Neotropical region is so excessively rich in insect life  it so abounds 
in peculiar groups  in forms of exquisite beauty  and in an endless 
profusion of species  that no adequate idea of this branch of its fauna can 
be conveyed by the mere enumeration of peculiar and characteristic groups  
to which we are here compelled to limit ourselves  Our facts and figures 
will  however  furnish data for comparison  and will thus enable those who 
have some knowledge of the entomology of any other country  to form a 
better notion of the vast wealth of insect life in this region  than a more 
general and picturesque description could afford them  
 
 Lepidoptera    The Butterflies of South America surpass those of all other 
regions in numbers  variety and beauty  and we find here  not only more 
peculiar genera and families than elsewhere  but  what is very remarkable  
a fuller representation of the whole series of families  Out of the 16 
families of butterflies in all parts of the world  13 are found here  and 3 
of these are wholly peculiar  Brassolid    Heliconid    and Eurygonid    with 
a fourth  Erycinid    which only extends into the Nearctic  14 region  so 
that there are 4 families peculiar to America  These four families comprise 
68 genera and more than 800 species  alone constituting a very important 
feature in the entomology of the region  But in almost all the other 
families there are numbers of peculiar genera  amounting in all to about 
200  or not far short of half the total number of genera in the 
world   431   We must briefly notice some of the peculiarities of the 
several families  as represented in this region  The Danaid   consist of 15 
genera  all peculiar  and differing widely from the generally sombre tinted 
forms of the rest of the world  The delicate transparent winged Ithomias of 
which 160 species are described  are the most remarkable   Melin  a   
 Napeogenes    Ceratina  and  Dircenna  are more gaily coloured  and are 
among the chief ornaments of the forests  The Satyrid   are represented by 
25 peculiar genera  many of great beauty  the most remarkable and elegant 
being the genus  H  tera  and its allies  whose transparent wings are 
delicately marked with patches of orange  pink  or violet  The genus 
 Morpho  is perhaps the grandest development of the butterfly type  being 
of immense size and adorned with the most brilliant azure tints  which in 
some species attain a splendour of metallic lustre unsurpassed in nature  
The Brassolid   are even larger  but are crepuscular insects  with rich 
though sober colouring  The true Heliconii are magnificent insects  most 
elegantly marked with brilliant and strongly contrasted tints  The 
Nymphalid   are represented by such a variety of gorgeous insects that it is 
difficult to select examples  Prominent are the genera  Catagramma  and 
 Callithea   whose exquisite colours and symmetrical markings are unique 
and indescribable  and these are in some cases rivalled by  Agrias  and 
 Prepona   which reproduce their style of coloration although not closely 
allied to them  The Erycinid    consisting of 59 genera and 560 species  
comprise the most varied and beautiful of small butterflies  and it would 
be useless to attempt to indicate the unimaginable combinations of form and 
colour they present  It must be sufficient to say that nothing elsewhere on 
the globe at all resembles them  In Lyc  nid   the world wide genus  Thecla  
is wonderfully developed  and the South  15 American species not only 
surpass all others in size and beauty  but some of them are so gorgeous on 
the under surface of their wings  as to exceed almost all the combinations 
of metallic tints we meet with in nature  The last family  Hesperid    is 
also wonderfully developed here  the species being excessively numerous  
while some of them redeem the character of this generally sober family  by 
their rich and elegant coloration  
 
In the only other group of Lepidoptera we can here notice  the Sphingina  
the Neotropical region possesses some peculiar forms  The magnificent 
diurnal butterfly like moths   Urania   are the most remarkable  and they 
are rendered more interesting by the occurrence of a species closely 
resembling them in Madagascar  Another family of day flying moths  the 
Castniid    is almost equally divided between the Neotropical and Australian 
regions  although the genera are more numerous in the latter  The American 
Castnias are large  thick bodied insects  with a coarse scaly surface and 
rich dull colours  differing widely from the glossy and gaily coloured 
Agaristas  which are typical of the family in the East  
 
 Coleoptera    This is so vast a subject that  as in the case of the 
regions already treated  we must confine our attention to a few of the more 
important and best known families as representatives of the entire order  
 
Cicindelid     We find here examples of 15 out of the 35 genera of these 
insects  and 10 of these genera are peculiar  The most important are 
 Oxychila   11 sp     Hiresia   14 sp    and  Ctenostoma   26 sp    
 Odontochila   57 sp   is the most abundant and characteristic of all  but 
is not wholly peculiar  there being a species in the Malay archipelago  
 Tetracha   another large genus  has species in Australia and a few in 
North America and Europe  The small genus  Peridexia  is divided between 
Brazil and Madagascar   a somewhat similar distribution to that of  Urania  
noticed above  One genus   Agrius   is confined to the southern extremity 
of the continent  
 
Carabid     Besides a considerable number of cosmopolitan or wide spread 
genera  this family is represented by more than 100 genera which are 
peculiar to the Neotropical region  The  16 most important of these are 
 Agra   150 sp     Ardistonus   44 sp     Schizogenius   25 sp    
 Pelecium   24 sp     Calophena   22 sp     Aspidoglossa   21 sp    and 
 Lia    Camptodonotus    Stenocrepis   and  Lachnophorus   with each more 
than 12 species  These are all tropical  but there are also a number of 
genera  26  peculiar to Chili and South Temperate America  The most 
important of these are  Antarctia   29 sp    all except two or three 
confined to South Temperate America   Scelodontis   10 sp    mostly 
Chilian   Feronomorpha   6 sp   all Chilian  and  Tropidopterus   4 sp    
all Chilian   Helluomorpha   18 sp    is confined to North and South 
America   Galerita    Callida   and  Tetragonoderus   are large genera 
which are chiefly South American but with a few species scattered over the 
other tropical regions   Casnonia  and  Lebia  are cosmopolite  but most 
abundant in South America   Pachyteles  is mostly South American but with a 
few species in West Africa  while  Lobodonotus  has one species in South 
America and two in Africa  
 
Lucanid     The Neotropical species of this family almost all belong to 
peculiar genera  Those common to other regions are  Syndesus   confined to 
Tropical South America and Australia  and  Platycerus  which is Pal  arctic 
and Nearctic  with one species in Brazil  The most remarkable genus is 
undoubtedly  Chiasognathus   confined to Chili  These are large insects of 
metallic green colours  and armed with enormous serrated mandibles  The 
allied genera   Pholidotus  and  Sphenognathus   inhabit Tropical South 
America   Streptocerus  confined to Chili  is interesting  as being allied 
to the Australian  Lamprima   The other genera present no remarkable 
features  but  Sclerognathus  and  Leptinoptera  are the most extensive  
 
Cetoniid     These magnificent insects are but poorly represented in 
America  the species being mostly of sombre colours  There are 14 genera  
12 of which are peculiar  The most extensive genus is  Gymnetis   which  
with its allies  Cotinis  and  Allorhina   form a group which comprehends 
two thirds of the Neotropical species of the family  The only other genera 
of importance are   Inca   7 sp    remarkable for their large size  and 
being the only American group in which horns are developed on the head  
 17 and  Trigonopeltastes   6 sp    allied to the European  Trichius   The 
non peculiar genera are   Stethodesma   of which half the species are 
African and half tropical American  and  Euphoria   confined to America 
both North and South  
 
Buprestid     In this fine group the Neotropical region is tolerably rich  
having examples of 39 genera  18 of which are peculiar to it  Of these  the 
most extensive are  Conognatha  and  Halecia   which have a wide range over 
most parts of the region  and  Dactylozodes   confined to the south 
temperate zone  Of important genera which range beyond the region  
 Dicerca  is mainly Nearctic and Pal  arctic   Cinyra  has a species in 
North America and one in Australia   Curis  is divided between Chili and 
Australia  the Australian genus  Stigmodera  has a species in Chili  
 Polycesta  has a species in Madagascar  two in the Mediterranean region  
and a few in North America   Acherusia  is divided between Australia and 
Brazil   Ptosima  has one species in south temperate America  the rest 
widely scattered from North America to the Philippines   Actenodes  has a 
single species in North America and another in West Africa   Colobogaster  
has two in West Africa  one in Java and one in the Moluccas  The relations 
of South America and Australia as indicated by these insects has already 
been sufficiently noticed under the latter region  
 
Longicornia   The Neotropical Longicorn Coleoptera are overwhelming in 
their numbers and variety  their singularity and their beauty  In the 
recent Catalogue of Gemminger and Harold  it is credited with 516 genera  
489 of which are peculiar to it  while it has only 5 genera in common 
 exclusively  with the Nearctic  and 4  in the same way  with the 
Australian region  Only the more important genera can be here referred to  
under the three great families into which these insects are divided  
 
The Prionid   are excessively numerous  being grouped in 64 genera  more 
than double the number possessed by any other region  and 61 of these are 
peculiar  The three  common to other regions  are   Parandra  and 
 Mallodon   which are widely distributed  and  Ergates   found also in 
California and Europe  The most remarkable genera are  the 
magnificently coloured  Psalidognathus  and  Pyrodes   the large and 
strangely marked  18  Macrodontia   and  Titanus   the largest insect of 
the entire family  
 
Of the Cerambycid   there are 233 genera  exceeding by one half  the number 
in any other region  and 225 of these are peculiar  Only 2 are common to 
the Neotropical and Nearctic regions exclusively  and 3 to the Neotropical 
and Australian  The most extensive genera are the elegant  Ibidion   80 
sp    the richly coloured  Chrysoprasis   47 sp    the prettily marked 
 Trachyderes   53 sp    with  Odontocera   25 sp     Criodon   22 sp    and 
a host of others of less extent  but often of surpassing interest and 
beauty  The noteworthy genera of wide range are   Oeme  and  Cyrtomerus   
which have each a species in West Africa  and  Hammatocerus   which has one 
in Australia  
 
The Lamiid   have 219 genera  and this is the only tropical region in which 
they do not exceed the Cerambycid    This number is almost exactly the same 
as that of the Oriental genera  but here there are more peculiar groups  
203 against 160 in the other region  The most extensive genera are 
 Hemilophus   80 sp     Colobothea   70 sp     Acanthoderes   56 sp    
 Oncoderes   48 sp     Lepturgus   40 sp     Hypsioma   32 sp    and 
 T  niotes   20 sp     Macropus longimanus   commonly called the harlequin 
beetle  is one of the largest and most singularly marked insects in the 
whole family   Leptostylus  has a single species in New Zealand  
 Acanthoderes  has one species in Europe  W  Africa  and Australia  
respectively   Spalacopsis  has a species in W  Africa   Pachypeza  is 
common to S  America and the Philippines   Mesosa  is Oriental and 
Pal  arctic  but has one species on the Amazon   Apomecyna  ranges through 
the tropics of the Eastern Hemisphere  but has two species in S  America  
 Acanthocinus  has one species in Tasmania  and the rest in South America  
North America  and Europe   Ph  a  is wholly Neotropical  except two species 
in the Philippine Islands  
 
 General Conclusions as to the Neotropical Insect fauna    Looking at the 
insects of the Neotropical region as a whole  we are struck with the vast 
amount of specialty they present  and  considering how many causes there 
are which must lead to the dispersal of insects  the number of its groups 
which are scattered  19 over the globe is not nearly so great as we might 
expect  This points to a long period of isolation  during which the various 
forms of life have acted and reacted on each other  leading to such a 
complex yet harmoniously balanced result as to defy the competition of the 
chance immigrants that from time to time must have arrived  This is quite 
in accordance with the very high antiquity we have shown most insect forms 
to possess  and it is no doubt owing to this antiquity  that such a 
complete diversity of  generic  forms has been here brought about  without 
any important deviation from the great  family  types which prevail over 
the rest of the globe  
 
 
 Land Shells    The Neotropical region is probably the richest on the globe 
in Terrestrial Mollusca  but this is owing  not to any extreme 
productiveness of the equatorial parts of the continent  where almost all 
other forms of life are so largely developed  but to the altogether 
exceptional riches of the West India Islands  The most recent estimates 
show that the Antilles contain more species of land shells than all the 
rest of the region  and almost exactly as many as all continental America  
north and south  
 
Mr  Thomas Bland  who has long studied American land shells  points out a 
remarkable difference in the distribution of the Operculated and 
Inoperculated groups  the former being predominant on the islands  the 
latter on the continent  The Antilles possess over 600 species of 
Operculata  to about 150 on the whole American continent  the genera being 
as 22 to 14  Of Inoperculata the Antilles have 740  the Continent 1 250  
the genera being 18 and 22  The proportions of the two groups in each 
country are  therefore  
 
               West India Islands     American Continent  
 
  Operculata     Gen  22  Sp  608         14    151 
  Inoperculata        18      737         22   1251 
 
The extensive family of the Helicid   is represented by 22 genera  of which 
6 are peculiar   Spiraxis  is confined to Central America and the Antilles  
 Stenopus  and  Sagda  are Antillean only   Orthalicus    Macroceramus   
and  Bulimulus  have a wider range  the last two extending into the 
southern United  20 States  Important and characteristic genera are  
 Glandina   in all the tropical parts of the region   Cylindrella   in 
Central America and the Antilles   Bulimus   containing many large and 
handsome species in South America   Stenogyra   widely spread in the 
tropics  and  Streptaxis   in Tropical South America  
 
Among the Operculata  the Aciculid   are mostly Antillean  two genera being 
peculiar there  and one   Truncatella   of wide distribution  but most 
abundant in the West Indian Islands  The Cyclostomid   are represented by 15 
genera  9 being peculiar to the region  and 5 of these  belonging to the 
sub family Licinid    to the Antilles only  Of these peculiar genera 
 Cistula  and  Chondropoma  are the most important  ranging over all the 
tropical parts of the region  Other important genera are  Cyclotus  and 
 Megalomastoma   while  Cyclophorus  also occurs all over the region  The 
Helicinid   are mostly Neotropical  six out of the seven genera being found 
here  and four are peculiar   Stoastoma   is one of the largest genera  
and  with  Trochatella  and  Alcadia   is confined to the Antilles  while 
the wide spread  Helicina  is most abundant there  
 
The Limacid    or Old World slugs  are absent from the region  their place 
being taken by the allied family  Oncidiad    
 
 Marine Shells    We go out of our usual course to say a few words about 
the marine shells of this region  because their distribution on the two 
sides of the continent is important  as an indication of the former 
separation of North and South America  and the connection of the Atlantic 
and Pacific Oceans  It was once thought that no species of shells were 
common to the two sides of the Central American Isthmus  and Dr  M  rch 
still holds that opinion  but Dr  Philip Carpenter  who has paid special 
attention to the subject  considers that there are at least 35 species 
absolutely identical  while as many others are so close that they may be 
only varieties  Nearly 70 others are distinct but representative species  
The genera of marine mollusca are very largely common to the east and west 
coasts  more than 40 being so named in the lists published by Mr  Woodward  
The West Indian Islands being a rich shell district  produce a number of 
peculiar forms  and the west coast of  21 South America is  to some extent  
peopled by Oriental and Pacific genera of shells  On the west coast there 
is hardly any coral  while on the east it is abundant  showing a difference 
of physical conditions that must have greatly influenced the development of 
mollusca  When these various counteracting influences are taken into 
consideration  the identity or close affinity of about 140 species and 40 
genera on the two sides of the Isthmus of Panama becomes very important  
and  combined with the fact of 48 species of fish  or 30 per cent  of those 
known  being identical on the adjacent coasts of the two oceans  as 
determined by Dr  G  nther   render it probable that Central America has 
been partially submerged up to comparatively recent geological times  Yet 
another proof of this former union of two oceans is to be found in the 
fossil corals of the Antilles of the Miocene age  which Dr  Duncan finds to 
be more allied to existing Pacific forms  than to those of the Atlantic or 
even of the Caribbean Sea  
 
 
NEOTROPICAL SUB REGIONS  
 
In the concluding part of this work devoted to geographical zoology  the 
sub regions are arranged in the order best adapted to exhibit them in a 
tabular form  and to show the affinities of the several regions  but for 
our present purpose it will be best to take first in order that which is 
the most important and most extensive  and which exhibits all the peculiar 
characteristics of the region in their fullest development  We begin 
therefore with our second division  
 
 
 II  Tropical South America  or the Brazilian Sub region   
 
This extensive district may be defined as consisting of all the tropical 
forest region of South America  including all the open plains and pasture 
lands  surrounded by  or intimately associated with  the forests  Its 
central mass consists of the great forest plain of the Amazons  extending 
from Paranaiba on the north coast of Brazil  long  42   W   to Zamora  in 
the province of Loja  lat  4   S   long  79   W    high up in the Andes  on 
the west   a distance in a straight line of more than 2 500 English miles  
 22 along the whole of which there is  almost certainly  one continuous 
virgin forest  Its greatest extent from north to south  is from the mouths 
of the Orinooko to the eastern slopes of the Andes near La Paz in Bolivia 
and a little north of Sta  Cruz de la Sierra  lat  18   S    a distance of 
about 1 900 miles  Within this area of continuous forests  are included 
some open  campos   or patches of pasture lands  the most important 
being   the Campos of the Upper Rio Branco on the northern boundary of 
Brazil  a tract in the interior of British Guiana  and another on the 
northern bank of the Amazon near its mouth  and extending some little 
distance on its south bank at Santarem  On the northern bank of the 
Orinooko are the Llanos  or flat open plains  partly flooded in the rainy 
season  but much of the interior of Venezuela appears to be forest country  
The forest again prevails from Panama to Maracaybo  and southwards in the 
Magdalena valley  and on all the western side of the Andes to about 100 
miles south of Guayaquil  On the N E  coast of Brazil is a tract of open 
country  in some parts of which  as near Ceara  rain does not fall for 
years together  but south of Cape St  Roque the coast forests of Brazil 
commence  extending to lat  30   S   clothing all the valleys and hill sides 
as far inland as the higher mountain ranges  and even penetrating up the 
great valleys far into the interior  To the south west the forest country 
reappears in Paraguay  and extends in patches and partially wooded country  
till it almost reaches the southern extension of the Amazonian forests  The 
interior of Brazil is thus in the position of a great island plateau  
rising out of  and surrounded by  a lowland region of ever verdant forest  
The Brazilian sub region comprises all this forest country and its included 
open tracts  and so far beyond it as there exists sufficient woody 
vegetation to support its peculiar forms of life  It thus extends 
considerably beyond the tropic in Paraguay and south Brazil  while the 
great desert of Chaco  extending from 25   to 30   S   lat  between the 
Parana and the Andes  as well as the high plateaus of the Andean range  
with the strip of sandy desert on the Pacific coast as far as to about 5   
of south latitude  belong to south temperate America  or the sub region of 
the Andes  
 
 23 Having already given a sketch  of the zoological features of the 
Neotropical region as a whole  the greater part of which will apply to this 
sub region  we must here confine ourselves to an indication of the more 
important groups which  on the one hand  are confined to it  and on the 
other are absent  together with a notice of its special relations to other 
regions  
 
 Mammalia    Many of the most remarkable of the American monkeys are 
limited to this sub region  as  Lagothrix    Pithecia   and  Brachyurus   
limited to the great Amazonian forests   Eriodes  to south east Brazil  and 
 Callithrix  to tropical South America  All the marmosets  Hapalid    are 
also confined to this sub region  one only being found at Panama  and 
perhaps extending a little beyond it  Among other peculiar forms  are 8 
genera of bats  3 peculiar forms of wild dog   Pteronura   a genus of 
otters   Inia   a peculiar form of dolphin inhabiting the upper waters of 
the Amazon  tapirs of the genus  Tapirus   a distinct genus being found 
north of Panama   4 genera of Murid     Ctenomys   a genus of Octodontid    
the whole family of Echimyid    or spiny rats   as far as the American 
continent is concerned  consisting of 8 genera and 28 species   Ch  tomys   
a genus of Cercolabid    the capybara   Hydrochoerus   the largest known 
rodent  belonging to the Caviid    the larger ant eaters   Myrmecophaga    
sloths of the genus  Bradypus   2 genera of armadillos  Dasypodid     and 
two peculiar forms of the opossum family  Didelphyid     No group that is 
typically Neotropical is absent from this sub region  except such as are 
peculiar to other single sub regions and which will be noticed accordingly  
The occurrence of a solitary species of hare   Lepus braziliensis   in 
central Brazil and the Andes  is remarkable  as it is cut off from all its 
allies  the genus not being known to occur elsewhere on the continent 
further south than Costa Rica  The only important external relation 
indicated by the Mammalia of this sub region is towards the Ethiopian 
region  2 genera of Echimyid     Aulacodes  and  Petromys   occurring in 
South and South east Africa  
 
 Plate IV  Characteristic Neotropical Mammalia    Our illustration 
represents a mountainous forest in Brazil  the part of South America where 
the Neotropical Mammalia are perhaps best  24 developed  The central and 
most conspicuous figure is the collared ant eater    Tamandua 
tetradactyla    one of the handsomest of the family  in its conspicuous 
livery of black and white  To the left are a pair of sloths   Arctopithecus 
flaccidus   showing the curious black spot on the back with which many of 
the species are marked  and which looks like a hole in the trunk of a tree  
but this mark seems to be only found on the male animal  The fur of many of 
the sloths has a greenish tinge  and Dr  Seemann remarked its resemblance 
to the  Tillandsia usneoides   or  vegetable horsehair   which clothes many 
of the trees in Central America  and this probably conceals them from their 
enemies  the harpy eagles  On the right are a pair of opossums   Didelphys 
azar      one of them swinging by its prehensile tail  Overhead in the 
foreground are a group of howling monkeys   Mycetes ursinus   the largest 
of the American Quadrumana  and the noisiest of monkeys  The large hollow 
vessel into which the hyoid bone is transformed  and which assists in 
producing their tremendous howling  is altogether unique in the animal 
kingdom  Below them  in the distance  are a group of Sapajou monkeys 
  Cebus  sp    while gaudy screaming macaws complete the picture of 
Brazilian forest life  
 
 Birds    A very large number of genera of birds  and some entire families  
are confined to this sub region  as will be seen by looking over the list 
of genera at the end of this chapter  We can here only notice the more 
important  and summarize the results  More than 120 genera of Passeres are 
thus limited  belonging to the following 12 families  Sylviid    1   
Troglodytid    2   Coerebid    4   Tanagrid    26   Fringillid    8   Icterid   
 5   Pteroptochid    3   Dendrocolaptid    12   Formicariid    16   Tyrannid   
 22   Cotingid    16   Piprid    10   Of the Picari   there are 76 peculiar 
genera belonging to 9 families  viz   Picid    2   Rhamphastid    1   
Cuculid    1   Bucconid    2   Galbulid    5   Momotid    2   Podargid    1   
Caprimalgid    4   Trochilid    58   There are 3 peculiar genera of Psittaci  
8 of Gallin    the only genus of Opisthocomid    3 of Accipitres  1 of 
Rallid     Psophia  and  Eurypyga  types of distinct families  and 1 genus 
of Ardeid    Palamedeid    and Anatid   respectively  The preceding 
enumeration shows how very rich this sub region is in peculiar types of all 
the most characteristic American families  such as the Tanagrid    
Tyrannid    Cotingid    Formicariid    Trochilid    and Galbulid    A 
considerable proportion of the genera of the Chilian and Mexican 
sub regions also occur here  so that out of about 680 genera of Neotropical 
land birds more than 500 are represented in this sub region  
 
 
 
Plate XIV  
 
 Illustration  
 
A BRAZILIAN FOREST  WITH CHARACTERISTIC MAMMALIA  
 
 25 Without entering minutely into the distribution of species it is 
difficult to sub divide this extensive territory with any satisfactory 
result  1  The upland tract between the Amazon and Orinooko  which may be 
termed Guiana  was evidently once an island  yet it possesses few marked 
distinctive features  Brazil  which must have formed another great island  
has more speciality  but the intermediate Amazonian forests form a perfect 
transition between them  The northern portion of the continent west of the 
Orinooko has more character  and there are indications that this has 
received many forms from Central and North America  and thus blended two 
faunas once more distinct than they are now  The family of wood warblers 
 Mniotiltid    seems to have belonged to this more northern fauna  for out 
of 18 genera only 5 extend south of the equator  while 6 range from Mexico 
or the Antilles into Columbia  some of these being only winter immigrants 
and no genus being exclusively South American  The eastern slopes of the 
Andes constitute  however  the richest and best marked province of this 
sub region  At least 12 genera of tanagers  Tanagrid    are found here only  
with an immense number of Fringillid     the former confined to the forests  
the latter ranging to the upland plains  The ant thrushes  Formicariid    on 
the other hand seem more abundant in the lowlands  many genera being 
peculiar to the Amazonian forests  The superb chatterers  Cotingid    also 
seem to have their head quarters in the forests of Brazil and Guiana  and 
to have thence spread  26 into the Amazonian valley  Guiana still boasts 
such remarkable forms as the cardinal chatterer   Phoenicocercus    the 
military chatterer   H  matoderus    as well as  Querula    Gymnoderus   and 
 Gymnocephalus   but the first three pass to the south side of the Lower 
Amazon  Here also belong the cock of the rock   Rupicola    which ranges 
from Guiana to the Andes  and the marvellous umbrella birds of the Rio 
Nigro and Upper Amazon   Cephalopterus    which extends across the 
Ecuadorean Andes and into Costa Rica  Brazil has  Ptilochloris   
 Casiornis    Tijuca    Phibalura   and  Calyptura   while not a single 
genus of this family  except perhaps  Helioch  ra   is confined to the 
extensive range of the Andes  Almost the same phenomena are presented by 
the allied Piprid   or manakins  the greater part of the genera and species 
occurring in Eastern South America  that is in Brazil  Guiana  and the 
surrounding lowlands rather than in the Andean valleys  The same may be 
said of the jacamars  Galbulid    and puff birds  Bucconid     but the 
humming birds  Trochilid    have their greatest development in the Andean 
district  Brazil and Guiana have each a peculiar genus of parrots  Guiana 
has three peculiar genera of Cracid    while the Andes north of the equator 
have two  The Tinamid   on the other hand have their metropolis in Brazil  
which has two or three peculiar genera  while two others seem confined to 
the Andes south of the equator  The elegant trumpeters  Psophiid    are 
almost restricted to the Amazonian valley  
 
Somewhat similar facts occur among the Mammalia  At least 3 genera of 
monkeys are confined to the great lowland equatorial forests and 1 to 
Brazil   Icticyon   Canid    and  Pteronura   Mustelid    belong to Guiana 
and Brazil  and most of the Echimyid   are found in the same districts  The 
sloths  ant eaters  and armadillos all seem more characteristic of the 
eastern districts than of the Andean  while the opossums are perhaps 
equally plentiful in the Andes  
 
The preceding facts of distribution lead us to conclude that the highlands 
of Brazil and of Guiana represent very ancient lands  dating back to a 
period long anterior to the elevation of the Andean range  which is by no 
means of great geological  27 antiquity  and perhaps even to the elevation 
of the continuous land which forms the base of the mountains  It was  no 
doubt  during their slow elevation and the consequent loosening of the 
surface  that the vast masses of debris were carried down which filled up 
the sea separating the Andean chain from the great islands of Brazil and 
Guiana  and formed that enormous extent of fertile lowland forest  which 
has created a great continent  given space for the free interaction of the 
distinct faunas which here met together  and thus greatly assisted in the 
marvellous development of animal and vegetable life  which no other 
continent can match  But this development  and the fusion of the various 
faunas into one homogeneous assemblage must have been a work of time  and 
it is probable that most of the existing continent was dry land before the 
Andes had acquired their present altitude  The blending of the originally 
distinct sub faunas has been no doubt assisted by elevations and 
depressions of the land or of the ocean  which have alternately diminished 
and increased the land area  This would lead to a crowding together at one 
time  and a dispersion at others  which would evidently afford opportunity 
for many previously restricted forms to enter fresh areas and become 
adapted to new modes of life  
 
From the preceding sketch it will appear  that the great sub region of 
Tropical South America as here defined  is really formed of three 
originally distinct lands  fused together by the vast lowland Amazonian 
forests  In the class of birds sufficient materials exist for separating 
these districts  and that of the Andes contains a larger series of peculiar 
genera than either of the other sub regions here adopted  But there are 
many objections to making such a sub division here  It is absolutely 
impossible to define even approximate limits to these divisions  to say for 
example where the  Andes  ends and where  Brazil  or  Amazonia  or  Guiana  
begins  and the unknown border lands separating these are so vast  that 
many groups  now apparently limited in their distribution  may prove to 
have a very much wider range  In mammalia  reptiles  and insects  it is 
even more difficult to maintain such divisions  so that on the whole it 
seems better to treat the entire area as one sub region   28 although 
recognizing the fact of its zoological and geographical diversity  as well 
as its vast superiority over every other sub region in the number and 
variety of its animal forms  
 
The reptiles  fishes  mollusca  and insects of this sub region have been 
sufficiently discussed in treating of the entire region  as by far the 
larger proportion of them  except in the case of land shells  are found 
here  
 
 Plate XV  Characteristic Neotropical Birds    To illustrate the 
ornithology of South America we place our scene on one of the tributaries 
of the Upper Amazon  a district where this class of animals is the most 
prominent zoological feature  and where a number of the most remarkable and 
interesting birds are to be found  On the left we have the umbrella bird 
  Cephalopterus ornatus    so called from its wonderful crest  which  when 
expanded  completely overshadows its head like an umbrella  It is also 
adorned with a long tassel of plumes hanging from its breast  which is 
formed by a slender fleshy tube clothed with broad feathers  The bird is as 
large as a crow  of a glossy blue black colour  and belongs to the same 
family as the exquisitely tinted blue and purple chatterers  Flying towards 
us are a pair of curl crested toucans   Pteroglossus beauharnaisii    
distinguished among all other toucans by a crest composed of small black 
and shining barbless plumes  resembling curled whalebone  The general 
plumage is green above  yellow and red beneath  like many of its allies  To 
the right are two of the exquisite little whiskered hummers  or 
 frill necked coquettes   as they are called by Mr  Gould    Lophornis 
gouldi    These diminutive birds are adorned with green tipped plumes 
springing from each side of the throat  as well as with beautiful crests  
and are among the most elegant of the great American family of 
humming birds  now numbering about 400 known species  Overhead are perched 
a pair of curassows   Crax globulosa    which represent in America the 
pheasants of the Old World  There are about a dozen species of these fine 
birds  most of which are adorned with handsome curled crests  That figured  
is distinguished by the yellow caruncular swellings at the base of the 
bill  The tall crane like bird near the water is one of the trumpeters  
  Psophia leucoptera    elegant birds with silky plumage peculiar to the 
Amazon valley  They are often kept in houses  where they get very tame and 
affectionate  and they are useful in catching flies and other house 
insects  which they do with great perseverance and dexterity  
 
 
 
Plate XV  
 
 Illustration  
 
A FOREST SCENE ON THE UPPER AMAZON  WITH SOME CHARACTERISTIC BIRDS  
 
 
 29  Islands of Tropical South America   
 
These are few in number  and  with one exception  not of much interest  
Such islands as Trinidad and Sta  Catherina form parts of South America  
and have no peculiar groups of animals  The small islands of Fernando 
Noronha  Trinidad  and Martin Vaz  off the coast of Brazil  are the only 
Atlantic islands somewhat remote from land  while the Galapagos Archipelago 
in the Pacific is the only group whose productions have been carefully 
examined  or which present features of special interest  
 
 Galapagos Islands    These are situated on the equator  about 500 miles 
from the coast of Ecuador  They consist of the large Albemarle island  70 
miles long  four much smaller  18 to 25 miles long   named Narborough  
James  Indefatigable  and Chatham Islands  four smaller still  9 to 12 
miles long   named Abingdon  Bindloes  Hood s  and Charles Islands  All are 
volcanic  and consist of fields of black basaltic lava  with great numbers 
of extinct craters  a few which are still active  The islands vary in 
height from 1 700 to 5 000 feet  and they all rise sufficiently high to 
enter the region of moist currents of air  so that while the lower parts 
are parched and excessively sterile  above 800 or 1 000 feet there is a 
belt of comparatively green and fertile country  
 
These islands are known to support 58 species of Vertebrates   1 quadruped  
52 birds and 5 reptiles  the greater part of which are found nowhere else  
while a considerable number belong to peculiar and very remarkable genera  
We must therefore notice them in some detail  
 
 Mammalia    This class is represented by a mouse belonging to the American 
genus  Hesperomys   but slightly different from any found on the continent  
A true rat   Mus    slightly differing from any European species  also 
occurs  and as there can be little doubt that this is an escape from a 
ship  somewhat  30 changed under its new conditions of life  the genus 
 Mus  not being indigenous to the American continent   it is not 
improbable  as Mr  Darwin remarks  that the American mouse may also have 
been imported by man  and have become similarly changed  
 
 Birds   2   Recent researches in the islands have increased the number of 
land birds to thirty two  and of wading and aquatic birds to twenty three  
All the land birds but two or three are peculiar to the islands  and 
eighteen  or considerably more than half  belong to peculiar genera  Of the 
waders 4 are peculiar  and of the swimmers 2  These are a rail   Porzana 
spilonota    two herons   Butorides plumbea  and  Nycticorax pauper    a 
flamingo   Phoenicopterus glyphorhynchus    while the new aquatics are a 
gull   Larus fuliginosus    and a penguin   Spheniscus mendiculus    
 
The land birds are much more interesting  All except the birds of prey 
belong to American genera which abound on the opposite coast or on that of 
Chili a little further south  or to peculiar genera allied to South 
American forms  The only  species  not peculiar are   Dolichonyx 
oryzivorus   a bird of very wide range in America and of migratory habits  
which often visits the Bermudas 600 miles from North America   and  Asio 
accipitrinus   an owl which is found almost all over the world  The only 
genera not exclusively American are  Buteo  and  Strix   of each of which a 
peculiar species occurs in the Galapagos  although very closely allied to 
South American species  There remain 10 genera  all either American or 
peculiar to the Galapagos  and on these we will remark in systematic order  
 
1   Mimus   the group of American mocking thrushes  is represented by three 
distinct and well marked species  2   Dendroeca   an extensive and 
wide spread genus of the wood warblers  Mniotiltid     is represented by one 
species  which ranges over the greater part of the archipelago  The genus 
is especially abundant in Mexico  the Antilles  and the northern parts of 
 31 tropical America  only one species extending south as far as Chili  3  
 Certhidea   a peculiar genus originally classed among the finches  but 
which Mr  Sclater  who has made South American birds his special study  
considers to belong to the  Coerebid     or sugar birds  a family which is 
wholly tropical  Two species of this genus inhabit separate islands  4  
 Progne   the American martins  Hirundinid     is represented by a peculiar 
species  5   Geospiza   a peculiar genus of finches  of which no less than 
eight species occur in the archipelago  but not more than four in any one 
island  6   Camarhynchus   6 sp   and 7   Cactornis   4 sp   are two other 
peculiar genera of finches  some of the species of which are confined to 
single islands  while others inhabit several  8   Pyrocephalus   a genus of 
the American family of tyrant flycatchers  Tyrannid     has one peculiar 
species closely allied to  T  rubineus   which has a wide range in South 
America  9   Myiarchus   another genus of the same family which does not 
range further south than western Ecuador  has also a representative species 
found in several of the islands  10   Zenaida   an American genus of 
pigeons  has a species in James Island and probably in some of the others  
closely allied to a species from the west coast of America  
 
It has been already stated that some of the islands possess peculiar 
species of birds distinct from the allied forms in other islands  but 
unfortunately our knowledge of the different islands is so unequal and of 
some so imperfect  that we can form no useful generalizations as to the 
distribution of birds among the islands themselves  The largest island is 
the least known  only one bird being recorded from it  one of the 
mocking thrushes found nowhere else  Combining the observations of Mr  
Darwin with those of Dr  Habel and Prof  Sundevall  we have species 
recorded as occurring in seven of the islands  Albemarle island has but one 
definitely known species  Chatham and Bindloe islands have 11 each  
Abingdon and Charles islands 12 each  Indefatigable island and James island 
have each 18 species  This shows that birds are very fairly distributed 
over all the islands  one of the smallest and most remote  Abingdon  
furnishing as many as the much larger Chatham Island  which is also the 
nearest  32 to the mainland  Taking the six islands which seem tolerably 
explored  we find that two of the species   Dendroeca aureola  and 
 Geospiza fortis   occur in all of them  two others   Geospiza strenua  and 
 Myiarchus magnirostris   in five  four   Mimus melanotis    Geospiza 
fuliginosa    G  parvula   and  Camarhynchus prosthemelas   in four 
islands  five   Certhidea olivacea    Cactornis scandens    Pyrocephalus 
nanus    and two of the birds of prey  in three islands  nine   Certhidea 
fusca    Progne concolor    Geospiza nebulosa    G  magnirostris   
 Camarhynchus psittaculus    C  variegatus    C  habeli  and  Asio 
accipitrinus   in two islands  while the remaining ten species are confined 
to one island each  These peculiar species are distributed among the 
islands as follows  James  Charles and Abingdon islands  have 2 each  
Bindloes  Chatham  and Indefatigable  1 each  The amount of speciality of 
James Island is perhaps only apparent  owing to our ignorance of the fauna 
of the adjacent large Albemarle island  the most remote islands north and 
south  Abingdon and Charles  have no doubt in reality most peculiar 
species  as they appear to have  The scarcity of peculiar species in 
Chatham Island is remarkable  it being large  very isolated  and the 
nearest to the mainland  There is still room for exploration in these 
islands  especially in Albemarle  Narborough  and Hood s islands of which 
we know nothing  
 
 Reptiles    The few reptiles found in these islands are very interesting  
There are two snakes  a species of the American genus  Herpetodryas   and 
another which was at first thought to be a Chilian species   Psammophis 
Temminckii    but which is now considered to be distinct  Of lizards there 
are four at least  belonging to as many genera  One is a species of 
 Phyllodactylus   a wide spread genus of Geckotid    the rest belong to the 
American family of the Iguanas  one being a species of the Neotropical 
genus  Leiocephalus   the other two very remarkable forms   Trachycephalus  
and  Oreocephalus   formerly united in the genus  Amblyrhynchus    The 
first is a land  the second a marine  lizard  both are of large size and 
very abundant on all the islands  and they are quite distinct from any of 
the very numerous genera of Iguanid    spread all over the American 
continent  The last  33 reptile is a land tortoise   Testudo nigra   of 
immense size  and also abundant in all the islands  Its nearest ally is the 
equally large species of the Mascarene Islands  an unusual development due  
in both cases  to the absence of enemies permitting these slow but 
continually growing animals to attain an immense age  It is believed that 
each island has a distinct variety or species of tortoise  
 
 Insects    Almost the only insects known from these islands are some 
Coleoptera  chiefly collected by Mr  Darwin  They consist of a few peculiar 
species of American or wide ranging genera  the most important being  a 
 Calosoma    Poecilus    Solenophorus   and  Notaphus   among the Carabid    
an  Oryctes  among the Lamellicornes  two new genera of obscure Heteromera  
two Curculionid   of wide spread genera  a Longicorn of the South American 
genus  Eburia   and two small Phytophaga   a set of species highly 
suggestive of accidental immigrations at rare and distant intervals  
 
 Land Shells    These consist of small and obscure species  forming two 
peculiar sub genera of  Bulimulus   a genus greatly developed on the whole 
West coast of America  and a single species of  Buliminus   a genus which 
ranges over all the world except America  As in the case of the birds  most 
of the islands have two or three peculiar species  
 
 General Conclusions    These islands are wholly volcanic and surrounded by 
very deep sea  and Mr  Darwin is of opinion  not only that the islands have 
never been more nearly connected with the mainland than at present  but 
that they have never been connected among themselves  They are situated on 
the Equator  in a sea where gales and storms are almost unknown  The main 
currents are from the south west  an extension of the Peruvian drift along 
the west coast of South America  From their great extent  and their 
volcanoes being now almost extinct  we may assume that they are of 
considerable antiquity  These facts exactly harmonize with the theory  that 
they have been peopled by rare accidental immigrations at very remote 
intervals  The only peculiar  genera  consist of birds and lizards  which 
must therefore have been the earliest  34 immigrants  We know that small 
Passerine birds annually reach the Bermudas from America  and the Azores 
from Europe  the former travelling over 600  the latter over 1000 miles of 
ocean  These groups of islands are both situated in stormy seas  and the 
immigrants are so numerous that hardly any specific change in the resident 
birds has taken place  The Galapagos receive no such annual visitants  
hence  when by some rare accident a few individuals of a species did 
arrive  they remained isolated  probably for thousands of generations  and 
became gradually modified through natural selection under completely new 
conditions of existence  Less rare and violent storms would suffice to 
carry some of these to other islands  and thus the archipelago would in 
time become stocked  It would appear probable  that those which have 
undergone most change were the earliest to arrive  so that we might look 
upon the three peculiar genera of finches  and  Certhidea   the peculiar 
form of Coerebid    as among the most ancient inhabitants of the islands  
since they have become so modified as to have apparently no near allies on 
the mainland  But other birds may have arrived nearly at the same time  and 
yet not have been much changed  A species of very wide range  already 
adapted to live under very varied conditions and to compete with varied 
forms of life  might not need to become modified so much as a bird of more 
restricted range  and more specialized constitution  And if  before any 
considerable change had been effected  a second immigration of the same 
species occurred  crossing the breed would tend to bring back the original 
type of form  While  therefore  we may be sure that birds like the finches  
which are profoundly modified and adapted to the special conditions of the 
climate and vegetation  are among the most ancient of the colonists  we 
cannot be sure that the less modified form of tyrant flycatcher or 
mocking thrush  or even the unchanged but cosmopolitan owl  were not of 
coeval date  since even if the parent form on the continent has been 
changed  successive immigrations may have communicated the same change to 
the colonists  
 
The reptiles are somewhat more difficult to account for  We know  however  
that lizards have some means of dispersal over  35 the sea  because we find 
existing species with an enormous range  The ancestors of the 
 Amblyrhynchi  must have come as early  probably  as the earliest birds  
and the same powers of dispersal have spread them over every island  The 
two American genera of lizards  and the tortoises  are perhaps later 
immigrants  Latest of all were the snakes  which hardly differ from 
continental forms  but it is not at all improbable that these latter  as 
well as the peculiar American mouse  have been early human importations  
Snakes are continually found on board native canoes whose cabins are 
thatched with palm leaves  and a few centuries would probably suffice to 
produce some modification of a species completely isolated  under 
conditions widely different from those of its native country  Land shells  
being so few and small  and almost all modifications of one type  are a 
clear indication of how rare are the conditions which lead to their 
dispersal over a wide extent of ocean  since two or three individuals  
arriving on two or three occasions only during the whole period of the 
existence of the islands  would suffice to account for the present fauna  
Insects have arrived much more frequently  and this is in accordance with 
their habits  their lower specific gravity  their power of flight  and 
their capacity for resisting for some time the effects of salt water  
 
We learn  then  from the fauna of these islands  some very important facts  
We are taught that tropical land birds  unless blown out of their usual 
course by storms  rarely or never venture out to sea  or if they do so  can 
seldom pass safely over a distance of 500 miles  The immigrants to the 
Galapagos can hardly have averaged a bird in a thousand years  We learn  
that of all reptiles lizards alone have some tolerably effective mode of 
transmission across the sea  and this is probably by means of currents  and 
in connection with floating vegetation  Yet their transmission is a far 
rarer event than that of land birds  for  whereas three female immigrants 
will account for the lizard population  at least eight or ten ancestors are 
required for the birds  Land serpents can pass over still more rarely  as 
two such transmissions would have sufficed to stock the islands with their 
snakes  and it is not certain that either of these occurred without the aid 
of man   36 It is doubtful whether mammals or batrachians have any means of 
passing  independently of man s assistance  the former having but one 
doubtfully indigenous representative  the latter none at all  The 
remarkable absence of all gay or conspicuous flowers in these tropical 
islands  though possessing a zone of fairly luxuriant shrubby vegetation  
and the dependence of this phenomenon on the extreme scarcity of insects  
has been already noticed at Vol  I  p  461  when treating of a somewhat 
similar peculiarity of the New Zealand fauna and flora  
 
 
 I  South Temperate America  or the Chilian Sub region   
 
This sub region may be generally defined as the temperate portion of South 
America  On the south  it commences with the cold damp forests of Tierra 
del Fuego  and their continuation up the west coast to Chiloe and northward 
to near Santiago  To the east we have the barren plains of Patagonia  
gradually changing towards the north into the more fertile  but still 
treeless  pampas of La Plata  Whether this sub region should be continued 
across the Rio de la Plata into Uruguay and Entre rios  is somewhat 
doubtful  To the west of the Parana it extends northward over the Chaco 
desert  till we approach the border of the great forests near St  Cruz de 
la Sierra  On the plateau of the Andes  however  it must be continued still 
further north  along the  paramos  or alpine pastures  till we reach 5   of 
South latitude  Beyond this the Andes are very narrow  having no double 
range with an intervening plateau  and although some of the peculiar forms 
of the temperate zone pass on to the equator or even beyond it  these are 
not sufficiently numerous to warrant our extending the sub region to 
include them  Along with the high Andes it seems necessary to include the 
western strip of arid country  which is mostly peopled by forms derived 
from Chili and the south temperate regions  
 
 Mammalia    This sub region is well characterised by the possession of an 
entire family of mammalia having Neotropical affinities  the Chinchillid    
It consists of 3 genera   Chinchilla   2 sp    inhabiting the Andes of 
Chili and Peru as far as 9   south latitude  and at from 8 000 to 12 000 
feet altitude   Lagidium   3 sp    ranging over the Andes of Chili  Peru  
and South Ecuador   37 from 11 000 to 16 000 feet altitude  and 
 Lagostomus   1 sp    the  viscacha   confined to the pampas between the 
Uruguay and Rio Negro  Many important genera are also confined to this 
sub region   Auchenia   4 sp    including the domesticated llamas and 
alpacas  the vicugna which inhabits the Andes of Peru and Chili  and the 
guanaco which ranges over the plains of Patagonia and Tierra del Fuego  
Although this genus is allied to the Old World camels  it is a very 
distinct form  and its introduction from North America  where the family 
appear to have originated  may date back to a remote epoch   Ursus 
ornatus   the  spectacled bear  of the Chilian Andes  is a remarkable form  
supposed to be most allied to the Malay bear  and probably forming a 
distinct genus  which has been named  Tremarctos   Four genera of 
Octodontid   are also peculiar to this sub region  or almost so  
 Habrocomus   1 sp   is Chilian   Spalacopus   2 sp   is found in Chili and 
on the east side of the southern Andes   Octodon   3 sp   ranges from Chili 
into Peru and Bolivia   Ctenomys   6 sp   from the Straits of Magellan to 
Bolivia  with one species in South Brazil   Dolichotis   one of the Cavies  
ranges from Patagonia to Mendoza  and on the east coast to 37     S  
latitude   Myopotamus   1 sp    the coypu  Echimyid     ranges from 33   to 
48   S  latitude on the west side of the Andes  and from the frontiers of 
Peru to 42   S  on the east side   Reithrodon  and  Acodon   genera of 
Murid    are also confined to Temperate South America   Tolypeutes  and 
 Chlamydophorus   two genera of armadillos  the latter very peculiar in its 
organization and sometimes placed in a distinct family  are found only in 
La Plata and the highlands of Bolivia  and so belong to this sub region  
 Otaria   one of the  eared seals   Otariid     is confined to the coasts of 
this sub region and the antarctic islands  Deer of American groups extend 
as far as Chiloe on the west  and the Straits of Magellan on the east 
coast  Mice of the South American genera  Hesperomys  and  Reithrodon   are 
abundant down to the Straits of Magellan and into Tierra del Fuego  Mr  
Darwin having collected more than 20 distinct species  The following are 
the genera of Mammalia which have been observed on the shores of the 
Straits of Magellan  those marked   extending into Tierra del Fuego  
 38   Pseudalopex   two wolf like foxes    Felis   the puma    Mephitis  
 skunks    Cervus   deer     Auchenia   guanaco     Ctenomys   tucu tucu   
  Reithrodon  and   Hesperomys   American mice   
 
 Birds    Three families of Birds are confined to this 
sub region   Phytotomid    1 genus  3 sp    inhabiting Chili  La Plata  and 
Bolivia  Chionidid    1 genus  2 sp   the  sheath bills   found only at the 
southern extremity of the continent and in Kerguelen s Island  which with 
the other antarctic lands perhaps comes best here  Thinocorid    2 genera  6 
species  an isolated family of waders  ranging over the whole sub region 
and extending northward to the equatorial Andes  Many genera are also 
peculiar  3 of Fringillid    and 1 of Icterid    9 of Dendrocolaptid    6 of 
Tyrannid    3 of Trochilid    and 4 of Pteroptochid     the last four South 
American families  There is also a peculiar genus of parrots 
  Henicognathus   in Chili  two of pigeons   Metriopelia  and  Gymnopelia   
confined to the Andes and west coast from Peru to Chili  two of Tinamous  
 Tinamotes  in the Andes  and  Calodromus  in La Plata  three of 
Charadriid     Ph  gornis    Pluvianellus   and  Oreophilus   and  Rhea   the 
American ostriches  inhabiting all Patagonia and the pampas  Perhaps the 
Cariamid   have almost as much right here as in the last sub region  
inhabiting as they do  the  pampas  of La Plata and the upland  campos  of 
Brazil  and even among the wide ranging aquatic birds  we have a peculiar 
genus   Merganetta   one of the duck family  which is confined to the 
temperate plateau of the Andes  
 
Against this extensive series of characteristic groups  all either of 
American type or very distinct forms of Old World families  and therefore 
implying great antiquity  we find  in mammalia and birds  very scanty 
evidence of that direct affinity with the north temperate zone  on which 
some naturalists lay so much stress  We cannot point to a single 
terrestrial genus  which is characteristic of the north and reappears in 
this south temperate region without also occurring over much of the 
intervening land   Mustela  seems only to have reached Peru   Lepus  is 
isolated in Brazil  true  Ursus  does not pass south of Mexico  In birds  
the northern groups rarely go further south than Mexico or the Columbian 
Andes  and the only case of discontinuous  39 distribution we can find 
recorded is that of the genus of ducks   Camptol  mus   which has a species 
on the east side of North America and another in Chili and the Falkland 
Islands  but these  Professor Newton assures me  do not properly belong to 
the same genus  Out of 30 genera of land birds collected on the Rio Negro 
in Patagonia  by Mr  Hudson  only four extend beyond the American 
continent  and the same exclusively American character applies equally to 
its southern extremity  No list appears to have been yet published of the 
land birds of the Straits of Magellan and Tierra del Fuego  The following 
is compiled from the observations of Mr  Darwin  the recent voyage of 
Professor Cunningham  and other sources  and will be useful for comparison  
 
  TURDID    
     1  Turdus falklandicus  
 
  TROGLODYTID    
     2  Troglodytes magellanicus  
 
  FRINGILLID    
     3  Chrysomitris barbata  
     4  Phrygilus gayi  
     5            aldunatii  
     6            fruticeti  
     7            xanthogrammus  
     8  Zonotrichia pileata  
 
  ICTERID    
     9  Sturnella militaris  
    10  Cur  us aterrimus  
 
  HIRUNDINID    
    11  Hirundo meyeni  
 
  TYRANNID    
    12  T  nioptera pyrope  
    13  Myiotheretes rufiventris  
    14  Muscisaxicola mentalis  
    15  Centrites niger  
    16  An  retes parulus  
    17  Elainea griseogularis  
 
  DENDROCOLAPTID    
    18  Upucerthia dumetoria  
    19  Cinclodes patagonicus  
    20            fuscus  
    21  Oxyurus spinicauda  
 
  PTEROPTOCHID    
    22  Scytalopus magellanicus  
 
  PICID    
    23  Campephilus magellanicus  
    24  Picus lignarius  
 
  ALCEDINID    
    25  Ceryle stellata  
 
  TROCHILID    
    26  Eustephanus galeritus  
 
  CONURID    
    27  Conurus patagonus  
 
  VULTURID    
    28  Cathartes aura  
    29  Sarcorhamphus gryphus  
 
  FALCONID    
    30  Circus macropterus  
    31  Buteo erythronotus  
    32  Geranoa  tus melanolencus  
    33  Accipiter chilensis  
    34  Cerchneis sparverius  
    35  Milvago albogularis  
    36  Polyborus tharus  
 
  STRIGID    
    37  Asio accipitrinus  
    38  Bubo magellanicus  
    39  Pholeoptynx cunicularia  
    40  Glaucidium nana  
    41  Syrnium rufipes  
 
  STRUTHIONID    
    42  Rhea darwinii  
 
 40 In the above list the species marked   extend to Tierra del Fuego  It 
is a remarkable fact that so many of the species belong to genera which are 
wholly Neotropical  and that the specially South American families of 
Icterid    Tyrannid    Dendrocolaptid    Pteroptochid    Trochilid    and 
Conurid    should supply more than one third of the species  while the 
purely South American genus  Phrygilus   should be represented by four 
species  three of which abound in Tierra del Fuego  
 
 Plate XVI  A Scene in the Andes of Chili  with characteristic 
Animals    The fauna of South Temperate America being most fully developed 
in Chili  we place the scene of our illustration in that country  In the 
foreground we have a pair of the beautiful little chinchillas   Chinchilla 
lanigera    belonging to a family of animals peculiar to the sub region  
There are only two species of this group  both confined to the higher 
Andes  at about 8000 feet elevation  Coming round a projecting ridge of the 
mountain  are a herd of vicunas   Auchenia vicugna    one of that peculiar 
form of the camel tribe found in South America and confined to its 
temperate and alpine regions  The upper bird is a plant cutter   Phytotoma 
rara    of sober plumage but allied to the beautiful chatterers  though 
forming a separate family  Below  standing on a rock  is a plover like 
bird  the  Thinocorus orbignianus   which is considered to belong to a 
separate family  though allied to the plovers and sheath bills  Its habits 
are  however  more those of the quails or partridges  living inland in dry 
and desert places  and feeding on plants  roots  and insects  Above is a 
condor  the most characteristic bird of the high Andes  
 
 Reptiles and Amphibia    These groups show  for the most part  similar 
modifications of American and Neotropical forms  as those we have seen to 
prevail among the birds  Snakes do not seem to go very far south  but 
several South American genera of Colubrid   and Dendrophid   occur in Chili  
while  Enophrys  is peculiar to La Plata  and  Callorhinus  to Patagonia  
both belonging to the Colubrid    The Elapid   do not extend into the 
temperate zone  but  Craspedocephalus   one of the Crotalid    occurs at 
Bahia Blanca in Patagonia  Lat  40   S   
 
 
 
Plate XVI  
 
 Illustration  
 
THE CHILIAN ANDES  WITH CHARACTERISTIC ANIMALS  
 
 41 Lizards are much more numerous  and there are several peculiar and 
interesting forms  Three families are represented  Teid   by two 
genera   Callopistes  peculiar to Chili  and  Ameiva  which ranges over 
almost the whole American continent and is found in Patagonia   Geckotid    
by four genera  two of which    Caudiverbera  and  Homonota   are peculiar 
to Chili  while  Sph  rodactylus  and  Cubina  are Neotropical  the former 
ranging to Patagonia  the latter to Chili  and lastly the American family 
Iguanid   represented by eight genera  no less than six being peculiar   or 
almost so   to the South temperate region  These are  Leiodera   
 Diplol  mus  and  Proctrotretus   ranging from Chili to Patagonia  
 Leiol  mus   from Peru to Patagonia   Phrymaturus   confined to Chili  and 
 Ptygoderus  peculiar to Patagonia and Tierra del Fuego  The other two 
genera   Oplurus  and  Leiosaurus   are common to Chili and tropical South 
America  
 
Tortoises appear to be scarce  a species of  Hydromedusa  only being 
recorded  Of the Amphibia  batrachia  frogs and toads  alone are 
represented  and appear to be tolerably abundant  seventeen species having 
been collected by Mr  Darwin in this sub region  Species of the South 
American genera  Phryniscus    Hylaplesia    Telmatobius    Cacotus   
 Hylodes    Cyclorhamphus    Pleurodema    Cystignathus   and  Leiuperus   
are found in various localities  some extending even to the Straits of 
Magellan    the extreme southern limit of both Reptilia and Amphibia  
except one lizard   Ptygoderus   found by Professor Cunningham in Tierra 
del Fuego  There are also four peculiar genera   Rhinoderma  belonging to 
the Engystomid     Alsodes  and  Nannophryne  to the Bombinatorid    
 Opisthodelphys  to the Hylid    and  Calyptocephalus  to the Discoglossid    
 
It thus appears  that in the Reptiles all the groups are typically 
American  and that most of the peculiar genera belong to families which are 
exclusively American  The Amphibia  on the other hand  present some 
interesting external relations  but these are as much with Australia as 
with the North temperate regions  The Bombinatorid   are indeed Pal  arctic  
but a larger proportion are Neotropical  and one genus inhabits New 
Zealand  The Chilian genus  Calyptocephalus  is allied to Australian 
tropical genera   42 The Neotropical genera of Ranid    five of which extend 
to Chili and Patagonia  belong to a division which is Australian and 
Neotropical  and which has species in the Oriental and Ethiopian regions  
 
 Fresh water Fishes    These present some peculiar forms  and some very 
interesting phenomena of distribution  The genus  Percilia  has been found 
only in the Rio de Maypu in Chili  and  Percichthys   also belonging to the 
perch family  has five species confined to the fresh waters of South 
Temperate America  and one far away in Java   Nematogenys   1 sp   is 
peculiar to Chili   Trichomycterus  reaches 15 000 feet elevation in the 
Andes   both belonging to the Silurid     Chirodon   2 sp    belonging to 
the Characinid    is peculiar to Chili  and several other genera of the same 
family extend into this sub region from Brazil  The family  Haplochitonid    
has a remarkable distribution  one of its genera  Haplochiton  2 sp    
inhabiting Tierra del Fuego and the Falkland Islands  while the other  
 Prototroctes   is found only in South Australia and New Zealand  Still 
more remarkable is  Galaxias   forming the family Galaxid     the species of 
which are divided between Temperate South America  and Australia  Tasmania  
and New Zealand  and there is even one species   Galaxias attenuatus   
which is found in the Chatham Islands  New Zealand  and Tasmania  as well 
as in the Falkland Islands and Patagonia   Fitzroya   1 sp   is found only 
at Montevideo   Orestias   6 sp   is peculiar to Lake Titicaca in the high 
Andes of Bolivia   Jenynsia   1 sp   in the Rio de la Plata  all belonging 
to the characteristic South American family of the Cyprinodontid    
 
 Insects    It is in insects more than in any other class of animals  that 
we find clear indications of a not very remote migration of northern forms  
along the great mountain range to South Temperate America  where they have 
established themselves as a prominent feature in the entomology of the 
country  The several orders and families  however  differ greatly in this 
respect  and there are some groups which are only represented by 
modifications of tropical forms  as we have seen to be almost entirely the 
case in birds and reptiles  
 
 43  Lepidoptera    The butterflies of the South Temperate Sub region are 
not numerous  only about 29 genera and 80 species being recorded  Most of 
these are from Chili  which is sufficiently accounted for by the general 
absence of wood on the east side of the Andes from Buenos Ayres to South 
Patagonia  The families represented are as follows  Satyrid    with 11 
genera and 27 species  are the most abundant  Nymphalid    2 genera and 8 
species  Lemoniid    1 genus  1 species  Lyc  nid    3 genera  8 species  
Pierid    6 genera  14 species  Papilionid    2 genera  8 species  Hesperid    
4 genera  13 species  One genus of Satyrid     Elina   and 2 of Pierid   
  Eroessa  and  Phulia   are peculiar to Chili  The following are the 
genera whose derivation must be traced to the north temperate 
zone    Tetraphlybia    Neosatyrus   and 3 allied genera of 1 species each  
were formerly included under  Erebia   a northern and arctic form  yet 
having a few species in South Africa   Argyrophorus   allied to    neis   a 
northern genus   Hipparchia   a northern genus yet having a species in 
Brazil   all Satyrid    The Nymphalid   are represented by the typical north 
temperate genus  Argynnis   with 7 species in Chili   Colias   among the 
Pierid    is usually considered to be a northern genus  but it possesses 
representatives in South Africa  the Sandwich Islands  Malabar  New 
Grenada  and Peru  as well as Chili  and must rather be classed as 
cosmopolitan  These form a sufficiently remarkable group of northern forms  
but they are accompanied by others of a wholly Neotropical origin  Such are 
 Stibomorpha  with 6 species  ranging through South America to Guatemala  
and  Eteona   common to Chili and Brazil  Satyrid      Apodemia   Lemoniid    
confined to Tropical America and Chili   Hesperocharis  and  Callidryas  
 Pierid     both tropical  and  Thracides   Hesperid    confined to Tropical 
America and Chili  Other genera are widely scattered  as   Epinephile  
found also in Mexico and Australia   Cupido   widely spread in the tropics  
 Euryades   found only in La Plata and Paraguay  allied to South American 
forms of  Papilio   to the Australian  Eurycus   and the northern 
 Parnassius   and  Heteropterus   scattered in Chili  North America  and 
Tropical Africa  We find then  among butterflies  a large north temperate 
element   44 intermingled in nearly equal proportions with forms derived 
from Tropical America  and the varying degrees of resemblances of the 
Chilian to the northern species  seems to indicate successive immigrations 
at remote intervals  
 
 Coleoptera    It is among the beetles of South Temperate America that we 
find some of the most curious examples of remote affinities  and traces of 
ancient migrations  The Carabid   are very well represented  and having been 
more extensively collected than most other families  offer us perhaps the 
most complete materials  Including the Cicindelid    about 50 genera are 
known from the South Temperate Sub region  the greater part from Chili  but 
a good number also from Patagonia and the Straits of Magellan  Of these 
more than 30 are peculiar  and most of them are so isolated that it is 
impossible to determine with precision their nearest allies  
 
The only remarkable form of Cicindelid   is  Agrius   a genus allied to the 
 Amblycheila  and  Omus  of N W  America  Two genera of Carabid    
 Cascellius  and  Baripus   are closely allied to  Promecoderus   an 
Australian genus  and another   Lecanomerus   has one species in Chili and 
the other in Australia  Five or six of the peculiar genera are undoubtedly 
allied to characteristic Pal  arctic forms  and such northern genera as 
 Carabus    Pristonychus    Anchomenus    Pterostichus    Percus   
 Bradycellus    Trechus   and  Bembidium   all absent from Tropical 
America  give great support to the view that there is a close relation 
between the insects of the northern regions and South Temperate America  A 
decided tropical element is  however  present   Tropopterus  is near 
 Colpodes   a Tropical and South American genus   Mimodromius  and 
 Plagiotelium  are near  Calleida   a South American genus  while 
 Pachyteles    Pericompsus    Variopalpus   and  Calleida  are widely 
spread American groups  The preponderance of northern forms seems  however  
to be undoubted  
 
Six Carabid   are known from Juan Fernandez  3 being identical with Chilian 
species and 3 peculiar  As the island is 350 miles from the mainland  we 
have here a proof of how readily insects may be transported great 
distances  
 
 45 The Pal  arctic affinity of the South Temperate Carabid   may be readily 
understood  if we bear in mind the great antiquity of the group  and the 
known long persistence of generic and specific forms of Coleoptera  the 
facility with which they may be transported to great distances by gales and 
hurricanes  either on land or over the sea  and  therefore  the probability 
that suitable stations would be rapidly occupied by species already adapted 
to them  to the exclusion of those of the adjacent tracts which had been 
specialised under different conditions  If  for example  we carry ourselves 
back to the time when the Andes had only risen to half their present 
altitude  and Patagonia had not emerged from the ocean  an epoch not very 
remote geologically   we should find nearly all the Carabid   of South 
America  adapted to a warm  and probably forest covered country  If  then  
a further considerable elevation of the land took place  a large temperate 
and cold area would be formed  without any suitable insect inhabitants  
During the necessarily slow process of elevation  many of the tropical 
Carabid   would spread upwards  and some would become adapted to the new 
conditions  while the majority would probably only maintain themselves by 
continued fresh immigrations  But  as the mountains rose  another set of 
organisms would make their way along the highest ridges  The abundance and 
variety of the North Temperate Carabid    and their complete adaptation to a 
life on barren plains and rock strewn mountains  would enable them rapidly 
to extend into any newly raised land suitable to them  and thus the whole 
range of the Rocky Mountains and Andes would obtain a population of 
northern forms  which would overflow into Patagonia  and there  finding no 
competitors  would develope into a variety of modified groups  This 
migration was no doubt effected mainly  during successive glacial epochs  
when the mountain range of the Isthmus of Panama  if moderately increased 
in height  might become adapted for the passage of northern forms  while 
storms would often carry insects from peak to peak over intervening forest 
lowlands or narrow straits of sea  If this is the true explanation  we 
ought to find no such preponderant northern element in groups which  46 are 
proportionally less developed in cold and temperate climates  Our further 
examination will show how far this is the case  
 
Lucanid     Only four genera are known in the sub region  Two are peculiar  
 Chiasognathus  and  Streptocerus   the former allied to Tropical American  
the latter to Australian genera  the other two genera are exclusively South 
American  
 
Cetoniid     These seem very scarce  only a few species of the Neotropical 
genus  Gymnetis  reaching Patagonia  
 
Buprestid     These are rather numerous  many very beautiful species being 
found in Chili  Nineteen genera are represented in South Temperate America  
and 5 of these are peculiar to it  3 others are South American genera  2 
are Australian  and the remainder are wide spread  but all are found also 
in Tropical America  The only north temperate genus is  Dicerca   and even 
this occurs also in the Antilles  Brazil  and Peru  Of the peculiar genera  
the largest   Dactylozodes   26 sp    has one species in South Brazil  and 
is closely allied to  Hyperantha   a genus of Tropical America  
 Epistomentis  is allied to  Nascis   an Australian genus   Tyndaris  is 
close to  Acmoeodera   a genus of wide range and preferring desert or dry 
countries  The other two are single species of cosmopolitan affinities  On 
the whole  therefore  the Buprestid   are unmistakeably Neotropical in 
character  
 
Longicorns   Almost the whole of the South Temperate Longicorns inhabit 
Chili  which is very rich in this beautiful tribe  About 75 genera and 160 
species are known  and nearly half of the genera are peculiar  Many of the 
species are large and handsome  rivalling in beauty those of the most 
favoured tropical lands  Of the 8 genera of Prionid   6 are peculiar  but 
all are allied to Tropical American forms except  Microplophorus   which 
belongs to a group of genera spread over Australia  Europe  and Mexico  The 
Cerambycid   are much more abundant  and their affinities more interesting  
Two   Syllitus  and  Pseudocephalus   are common to Australia and Chili  
Twenty three are Neotropical  and among these  Ibidion    Compsocerus   
 Callideriphus    Trachyderes   and  Xylocharis   are best represented  
Twenty are  47 altogether peculiar  but most of them are more or less 
closely allied to genera inhabiting Tropical America  Some  as the handsome 
 Cheloderus  and  Oxypeltus   have no close allies in any part of the 
world   Holopterus   though very peculiar  shows most resemblance to a New 
Zealand insect   Sibylla    Adalbus   and  Phantagoderus   have Australian 
affinities  while  Calydon  alone shows an affinity for north temperate 
forms  One species of the northern genus   Leptura   is said to have been 
found at Buenos Ayres  
 
The Lamiid   are less abundant  Nine of the genera are Neotropical  Two 
  Apomecyna  and  Exocentrus   are spread over all tropical regions  Ten 
genera are peculiar  and most of these are related to Neotropical groups or 
are of doubtful affinities  Only one   Aconopterus   is decidedly allied to 
a northern genus   Pogonoch  rus   It thus appears  that none of the Lamiid   
exhibit Australian affinities  although these are a prominent feature in 
the relations of the Cerambycid    
 
 
 
It is evident  from the foregoing outline  that the insects of South 
Temperate America  more than any other class of animals  exhibit a 
connection with the north temperate regions  yet this connection is only 
seen in certain groups  In Diurnal Lepidoptera and in Carabid    the 
northern element is fully equal to the tropical  or even preponderates over 
it  We have already suggested an explanation of this fact in the case of 
the Carabid    and with the butterflies it is not more difficult  The great 
mass of Neotropical butterflies are forest species  and have been developed 
for countless ages in a forest clad tropical country  The north temperate 
butterflies  on the other hand  are very largely open country species  
frequenting pastures  mountains  and open plains  and often wandering over 
an extensive area  These would find  on the higher slopes of mountains  a 
vegetation and conditions suited to them  and would occupy such stations in 
less time than would be required to adapt and modify the forest haunting 
groups of the American lowlands  In those groups of insects  however  in 
which the conditions of life are nearly the same as regards both temperate 
and tropical species  the superior  48 number and variety of the tropical 
forms has given them the advantage  Thus we find that among the Lucanid    
Buprestid    and Longicorns  the northern element is hardly perceptible  
Most of these are either purely Neotropical  or allied to Neotropical 
genera  with the admixture  however  of a decided Australian element  As in 
the case of the Amphibia and fresh water fishes  the Australian affinity  
as shown by insects  is of two kinds  near and remote  We have a few genera 
common to the two countries  but more commonly the genera are very 
distinct  and the affinity is shown by the genera of both countries 
belonging to a group peculiar to them  but which may be of very great age  
In the former case  we must impute some of the resemblance of the two 
faunas to an actual interchange of forms within the epoch of existing 
genera  a period of vast and unknown duration in the class of insects  
while in the latter case  and perhaps also in many of the former  it seems 
more in accordance with the whole of the phenomena  to look upon most of 
the instances as survivals  in the two southern temperate areas  of the 
relics of groups which had once a much wider distribution  That this is the 
true explanation  is suggested by the numerous cases of discontinuous and 
scattered distribution we have had to notice  in which every part of the 
globe  without exception  is implicated  and there is a reason why these 
survivals should be rather more frequent in Australia and temperate South 
America  inasmuch as these two areas agree in the absence of a considerable 
number of otherwise cosmopolitan vertebrate types  and are also in many 
respects very similar in climatic and other physical conditions  The 
preponderating influence of the organic over the physical environment  as 
taught by Mr  Darwin  leads us to give most weight to the first of the 
above mentioned causes  to which we may also impute such undoubted cases of 
survival of ancient types as the Centetid   of the Antilles and 
Madagascar  both areas strikingly deficient in the higher vertebrate forms  
The probable mode and time of the cross migration between Australia and 
South America  has been sufficiently discussed in our chapter on the 
Australian region  when treating of the origin and affinities of the New 
Zealand fauna  
 
 
 49  Islands of the South Temperate Sub region   
 
These are few  and of not much zoological interest  Tierra del Fuego  
although really an island  is divided from the mainland by so narrow a 
channel that it may be considered as forming part of the continent  The 
guanaco   Auchenia huanaco   ranges over it  and even to small islands 
further south  
 
 The Falkland Islands    These are more important  being situated about 350 
miles to the east of Southern Patagonia  but the intervening sea is 
shallow  the 100 fathom line of soundings passing outside the islands  We 
have therefore reason to believe that they have been connected with South 
America at a not distant epoch  and in agreement with this view we find 
most of their productions identical  while the few that are peculiar are 
closely allied to the forms of the mainland  
 
The only indigenous Mammals are a wolf like fox   Pseudalopex antarcticus   
said to be found nowhere else  but allied to two other species inhabiting 
Southern Patagonia  and a species of mouse  probably one of the American 
genera  Hesperomys  or  Reithrodon   
 
Sixty seven species of Birds have been obtained in these islands  but only 
18 are land birds  and even of these 7 are birds of prey  leaving only 11 
Passeres  The former are all common South American forms  but one species  
 Milvago australis   seems peculiar  The 11 Passeres belong to 9 genera  
all found on the adjacent mainland  Three  or perhaps four  of the species 
are however peculiar  These are  Phrygilus melanoderus    P  
xanthogrammus    Cinclodes antarcticus   and  Muscisaxicola macloviana   
The wading and swimming birds are of little interest  except the penguins  
which are greatly developed  no less than eight species being found  five 
as residents and three as accidental visitors  
 
No reptiles are known to inhabit these islands  
 
 Juan Fernandez    This island is situated in the Pacific Ocean  about 400 
miles west of Valparaiso in Chili  It is only a few miles in extent  yet it 
possesses four land birds  excluding the powerful Accipitres  These are 
 Turdus falklandicus    An  retes  50 fernandensis   one of the Tyrannid    
and two humming birds   Eustephanus fernandensis  and  E  galeritus   The 
first is a widespread South Temperate species  the two next are peculiar to 
the island  while the last is a Chilian species which ranges south to 
Tierra del Fuego  But ninety miles beyond this island lies another  called 
 Mas a fuero   very much smaller  yet this  too  contains four species of 
similar birds  one   Oxyurus mas a fuer     allied to the wide spread South 
Temperate  O  spinicauda   and  Cinclodes fusus   a South Temperate 
species  both Dendrocolaptid    with a humming bird   Eustephanus leyboldi   
allied to the species in the larger island  The preceding facts are taken 
from papers by Mr  Sclater in the  Ibis  for 1871  and a later one in the 
same journal by Mr  Salvin  1875   The former author has some interesting 
remarks on the three species of humming birds of the genus  Eustephanus   
above referred to  The Chilian species   E  galeritus   is green in both 
sexes   E  fernandensis  has the male of a fine red colour and the female 
green  though differently marked from the female of  E  galeritus    E  
leyboldi   of Mas a fuera  has the male also red and the female green  but 
the female is more like that of  E  galeritus   than it is like the female 
of its nearer ally in Juan Fernandez  Mr  Sclater supposes  that the 
ancient parent form of these three birds had the sexes alike  as in the 
present Chilian bird  that a pair  or a female having fertilised ova  
reached Juan Fernandez and colonised it  Under the action of sexual 
selection  unchecked by some conditions which had impaired its efficacy on 
the continent  the male gradually assumed a brilliant plumage  and the 
female also slightly changed its markings  Before this change was completed 
the bird had established an isolated colony on Mas a fuera  and here the 
process of change was continued in the male  but from some unknown cause 
checked in the female  which thus remains nearer the parent form  Lastly 
the slightly modified Chilian bird again reached Juan Fernandez and exists 
there side by side with its strangely altered cousin  
 
All the phenomena can thus be accounted for by known laws  on the theory of 
very rare accidental immigrations from the  51 mainland  The species are 
here so very few  that the greatest advocate for continental extensions 
would hardly call such vast causes into action  to account for the presence 
of these three birds on so small and so remote an island  especially as the 
union must have continued down to the time of existing species  But if 
accidental immigration has sufficed here  it will also assuredly have 
sufficed where the islands are larger  and the chances of reaching them 
proportionately greater  and it is because an important principle is here 
illustrated on so small a scale  and in so simple a manner as to be almost 
undeniable  that we have devoted a paragraph to its elucidation  
 
A few Coleoptera from Juan Fernandez present analogous phenomena  All 
belong to Chilian genera  while a portion of them constitute peculiar 
species  
 
Land shells are rather plentiful  there being about twenty species 
belonging to seven genera  all found in the adjacent parts of South 
America  but all the species are peculiar  as well as four others found on 
the island of Mas a fuera  
 
 
 III  Tropical North America  or the Mexican Sub region   
 
This sub region is of comparatively small extent  consisting of the 
irregular neck of land  about 1 800 miles long  which connects the North 
and South American continents  Almost the whole of its area is mountainous  
being in fact a continuation of the great range of the Rocky Mountains  In 
Mexico it forms an extensive table land  from 6 000 to 9 000 feet above the 
sea  with numerous volcanic peaks from 12 000 to 18 000 feet high  but in 
Yucatan and Honduras  the country is less elevated  though still 
mountainous  On the shores of the Caribbean Sea and Gulf of Mexico  there 
is a margin of low land from 50 to 100 miles wide  beyond which the 
mountains rise abruptly  but on the Pacific side this is almost entirely 
wanting  the mountains rising almost immediately from the sea shore  With 
the exception of the elevated plateaus of Mexico and Guatemala  and the 
extremity of the peninsula of Yucatan  the whole of Central America is 
clothed with forests  and as its surface is much broken up into hill and 
valley  and the volcanic  52 soil of a large portion of it is very fertile  
it is altogether well adapted to support a varied fauna  as it does a most 
luxuriant vegetation  Although many peculiar Neotropical types are absent  
it yet possesses an ample supply of generic and specific forms  and  as far 
as concerns birds and insects  is not perhaps inferior to the richest 
portions of South America in the number of species to be found in equal 
areas  
 
Owing to the fact that the former Republic of Mexico comprised much 
territory that belongs to the Nearctic region  and that many Nearctic 
groups extend along the high lands to the capital city of Mexico itself  
and even considerably further south  there is much difficulty in 
determining what animals really belong to this sub region  On the 
low lands  tropical forms predominate as far as 28   N  latitude  while on 
the cordilleras  temperate forms prevail down to 20    and are found even 
much farther within the tropics  
 
 Mammalia    Very few peculiar forms of Mammalia are restricted to tropical 
North America  which is not to be wondered at when we consider the small 
extent of the country  and the facility of communication with adjacent 
sub regions  A peculiar form of tapir   Elasmognathus bairdi   inhabits 
Central America  from Panama to Guatemala  and  with  Myxomys   a genus of 
Murid    are all at present discovered   Bassaris   a remarkable form of 
Procyonid    has been included in the Nearctic region  but it extends to the 
high lands of Guatemala   Heteromys   a peculiar genus of Saccomyid   or 
pouched rats  inhabits Mexico  Honduras  Costa Rica  and Trinidad  Five 
genera of monkeys extend here    Ateles    Mycetes    Cebus   
 Nyctipithecus   and  Saimiris   the two former alone reaching Mexico  the 
last only going as far as Costa Rica  Other typical Neotropical forms are 
 Galera   the tayra  belonging to the weasel family   Nasua   the 
coatimundi   Dicotyles   the peccary   Cercolabes   the tree porcupine  
 Dasyprocta   the agouti   C  logenys   the paca   Choloepus   and 
 Arctopithecus   sloths   Cyclothurus   an ant eater   Tatusia   an 
armadillo  and  Didelphys   oppossum  Of Northern forms   Sorex    Vulpes   
 Lepus   and  Pteromys  reach Guatemala  
 
 Birds    The productiveness of this district in bird life  may  53 be 
estimated from the fact  that Messrs  Salvin and Sclater have catalogued 
more than 600 species from the comparatively small territory of Guatemala  
or the portion of Central America between Mexico and Honduras  The great 
mass of the birds of this sub region are of Neotropical families and 
genera  but these are intermingled with a number of migrants from temperate 
North America  which pass the winter here  with some northern forms on the 
high lands  and with a considerable number of peculiar genera  mostly of 
Neotropical affinities  
 
The genera of birds peculiar to this sub region belong to the following 
families   Turdid    2 genera   Troglodytid    1 gen    Vireonid    1 gen    
Corvid    2 gen    Ampelid    1 gen    Tanagrid    1 gen    Fringillid    2 
gen    Icterid    1 gen    Formicariid    2 gen    Tyrannid    2 gen    
Cotingid    1 gen    Momotid    1 gen    Trogonid    1 gen    Trochilid    14 
gen    Conurid    1 gen    Cracid    2 gen    Strigid    1 gen    in all 37 
genera of land birds  The Neotropical families that do not extend into this 
sub region are  Pteroptochid    the sub family  Furnariin    of the 
Dendrocolaptid    the sub family  Conophagin    of the Tyrannid    the 
sub family  Rupicolin    of the Cotingid    Phytotomid    Todid    
Opisthocomid    Chionidid    Thinocorid    Cariamid    Psophiid    Eurypygid    
Palamedeid    and Struthionid    On the other hand Parid    Certhiid    
Ampelid    and Phasianid    are northern families represented here  but which 
do not reach South America  and there are also several northern genera and 
species  of Turdid    Troglodytid    Mniotiltid    Vireonid    Fringillid    
Corvid    Tetraonid    and Strigid    which are similarly restricted  Some of 
the most remarkable of the Neotropical genera only extend as far as Costa 
Rica and Veragua   countries which possess a rich and remarkable fauna  
Here only are found an umbrella bird    Cephalopterus glabricollis    a 
bell bird   Chasmorhynchus tricarunculatus    and species of  Dacnis  
 Ceroebid      Buthraupis    Eucometis    Tachyphonus   Tanagrid     
 Xiphorhynchus   Dendrocolaptid      Hypocnemis   Formicariid     
 Euscarthmus   Tyrannid      Attila   Cotingid      Piprites   Piprid     
 Capito    Tetragonops   Megal  mid      Selenidera   Rhamphastid     
 Neomorphus   54  Cuculid      Monasa   Bucconid     many genera of 
Trochilid    and  Nothocercus   Tinamid     none of which extend further 
north  A considerable number of the peculiar genera noted above  are also 
found in this restricted area  which is probably one of the richest 
ornithological districts on the globe  
 
 Reptiles    These are much less known than the preceding classes  but they 
afford several peculiar and interesting forms  Snakes are perhaps the least 
remarkable  yet there are recorded 4 peculiar genera of Calamariid    1 of 
Colubrid    1 of Homalopsid    3 of Dipsadid    while  Boa  and  Elaps  are in 
common with South America  Lizards are much more specially developed  
 Chirotes   one of the Amphisb  nians  is confined to Mexico and the 
southern part of the Nearctic region   Heloderma  forming a peculiar 
family  Helodermid    is Mexican only   Abronia  and  Barissia   Zonurid    
are also Mexican  as is  Siderolampus  belonging to the Scincid    while 
 Blepharactitis   same family  inhabits Nicaragua   Brachydactylus   one of 
the geckoes  is from Costa Rica  while  Phymatolepis    Lamanctus   
 Corytheolus    Cachrix    Corythophanes  and  Cham  leopsis   all belonging 
to the Iguanid    are confined to various parts of the sub region  In the 
same family we have also the Antillean   Cyclura   and the Nearctic 
 Phrynosoma  and  Tropidolepis   as well as the wide spread American genus 
 Anolius   
 
Among the tortoises   Staurotypus   allied to  Chelydra   is found in 
Mexico and Guatemala  and another genus   Claudius   has been lately 
described from Mexico  
 
 Amphibia    These are chiefly Batrachians   Rhinophryna   forming a 
peculiar family  being confined to Mexico   Triprion   a genus of Hylid    
inhabiting Yucatan  with  Leyla  and  Strabomantis   Polypedatid    found 
only in Costa Rica and Veragua  are peculiar genera  The Salamandrid    so 
abundant in the Nearctic region  are represented by a few species of 
 Amblystoma  and  Spelerpes   
 
 Fresh water fish    Since the British Museum catalogue was published  a 
valuable paper by Dr  G  nther  in the Transactions of the Zoological 
Society for 1868  furnishes much additional information on the fishes of 
Central America  In that part of the region south of Mexico  106 species of 
fresh water fishes are  55 enumerated  and 17 of these are found in streams 
flowing into both the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans  On the whole  11 
families are represented among the fresh water fish  and about 38 genera  
Of these  14 are specially Nearctic    Amiurus   Silurid      Fundulus  
 Cyprinodontid      Sclerognathus   Cyprinid     and  Lepidosteus  
 Ganoidei   A much larger number are Neotropical  and several Neotropical 
genera  as  Heros  and  Poecilia   are more largely developed here than in 
any other part of the region  There are also a considerable number of 
peculiar genera    Petenia    Theraps   and  Neotrophus   Chromides   
   lurichthys   Silurid      Chalcinopsis   Characniid      Characodon   
 Belonesox    Pseudoxiphophorus    Platypoecilus    Mollienesia   and 
 Xiphophorus   Cyprinodontid     A few peculiar Antillean forms are also 
present  as  Agonostoma   Mugilid      Gambusia  and  Girardinuus  
 Cyprinodontid     The other families represented are Percid    1 genus   
Pristopomatid    2 gen    Gobiid    1 gen    Clupeid    2 gen    and Gymnotid   
 1 genus   
 
On the whole the fish fauna is typically Neotropical  but with a small 
infusion of Nearctic forms  There are a considerable proportion of peculiar 
genera  and almost all the species are distinct from those of other 
countries  The predominant family is that of the Cyprinodontid    
represented by 12 genera  and the genus  Heros   Chromid    has here its 
maximum development  containing between thirty and forty species  Dr  
G  nther considers that a number of sub faunas can be distinguished  
corresponding to some extent  with the islands into which the country would 
be divided by a subsidence of about 2 000 feet  The most important of these 
divisions is that separating Honduras from Costa Rica  and as it also 
divides a very marked ornithological fauna we have every reason to believe 
that such a division must have existed during the latter portion of the 
tertiary epoch  We shall find some farther evidence of this division in the 
next class  
 
 Insects    The butterflies of various parts of Central America and Mexico  
having been largely collected  offer us some valuable evidence as to the 
relations of this sub region  Their general character is wholly 
Neotropical  about one half of the  56 South American genera being found 
here  There are also a few peculiar genera  as   Drucina   Satyrid     
 Microtia   Nymphalid      Eum  us   Lyc  nid     and  Eucheira   Pierid     
 Clothilda   Nymphalid    is confined to this sub region and the Antilles  
The majority of the genera range over the whole sub region from Panama to 
Mexico  but there are a considerable number  comprising many of the most 
characteristic South American forms  which do not pass north of Costa Rica 
or Nicaragua  Such are  Lycorea    Ituna    Thyridia    Callithomia   
 Oleria  and  Ceratina    all characteristic South American groups of 
Danaid     Pronophila  and  Dynastor   Satyrid      Protogonius    Pycina   
 Prepona    Nica    Ectima  and  Col  nis   Nymphalid      Eurybia  and 
 Methonella   Nemeobiid      Hades   and  Panthemos   Erycinid     
 
 Coleoptera    These present some interesting features  but owing to their 
vast number only a few of the more important families can be noticed  
 
Cicindelid     The only specially Neotropical genera recorded as occurring 
in this sub region  are  Ctenostoma  and  Hiresia   both reaching Mexico  
 
Carabid     Several genera are peculiar   Molobrus  is found in all parts of 
the sub region  while  Onychopterygia    Phymatocephalus   and 
 Anisotarsus  are Mexican only  There are about 20 South American genera  
most of which extend to Mexico  and include such characteristic Neotropical 
forms as  Agra    Callida    Coptodera    Pachyteles    Ardistomus   
 Aspidoglossa    Stenocrepis   and  Pelecium   
 
Lucanid     Of this important family there is  strange to say  not a single 
species recorded in Gemminger and Harold s catalogue up to 1868  It is 
almost impossible that they can be really absent  yet their place seems to 
he  to some extent  supplied by an unusual development of the allied 
Passalid    of which there are five South American and six peculiar genera  
 
Cetoniid     All the larger South American genera extend to Mexico  which 
country possesses 3 peculiar forms   Ischnoscelis    Psilocnemis   and 
 Dialithus   while  Trigonopeltastes  is characteristic  having 4 Mexican  
1 Brazilian  and 1 North American species  
 
 57 Buprestid     In this family there are no peculiar genera  All the large 
South American groups are absent  the only important and characteristic 
genus being  Stenogaster   
 
Longicorns   This important group is largely developed  the country being 
well adapted to them  and their distribution presents some features of 
interest  
 
In the Prionid   there are 6 peculiar genera  the largest being  Holonotus  
with 3 species  two others   Derotrachus  and  Mallaspis   are 
characteristic  3 more are common to South America  and 1 to Cuba  The 
Cerambycid   are much more numerous  and there are 24 peculiar genera  the 
most important being  Sphenothecus    Entomosterna   and  Cyphosterna   
while  Crioprosopus  and  Metaleptus  are characteristic of the sub region  
although extending into South America  about 12 Neotropical genera extend 
to Mexico or Guatemala  while 12 more stop short  as far as yet known  at 
Nicaragua  Lamiid   have a very similar distribution  13 genera are 
peculiar  the most important being  Monilema    Hamatoderus   and 
 Carneades   while  Ph  a  and  Lagochirus  are characteristic  About 
sixteen typical Neotropical genera extend to Mexico  and 15 more only reach 
Nicaragua  among which are such important genera as  Anisopus   
 Lepturgus   and  Callia   
 
The land shells are not sufficiently known to furnish any corresponding 
results  They are however mostly of South American genera  and have 
comparatively little affinity for those of the Antilles  
 
 Relations of the Mexican sub region to the North and South American 
Continents    The sudden appearance of numerous South American forms of 
Edentata in temperate North America  in Post Tertiary times  as narrated in 
Chapter VII   together with such facts as the occurrence of a considerable 
number of identical species of sea fish on the two sides of the Central 
American isthmus  render it almost certain that the union of North and 
South America is comparatively a recent occurrance  and that during the 
Miocene and Pliocene periods  they were separated by a wide arm of the sea  
The low country of Nicaragua was probably the part submerged  leaving the 
highlands of Mexico and Guatemala still united with the North  58 American 
continent  and forming part of the Tertiary  Nearctic region   This is 
clearly indicated both by the many Nearctic forms which do not pass south 
of Nicaragua  of which the turkeys   Meleagris   are a striking example  
and by the comparative poverty of this area in typical Neotropical groups  
During the Miocene period there was not that marked diversity of climate 
between North and South America that now prevails  for when a luxuriant 
vegetation covered what are now the shores of the Arctic Ocean  the country 
south of the great lakes must have been almost or quite tropical  At an 
early Tertiary period  the zoological differences of the Nearctic and 
Neotropical regions were probably more radical than they are now  South 
America being a huge island  or group of islands  a kind of Australia of 
the New World  chiefly inhabited by the imperfectly organized Edentata  
while North America abounded in Ungulata and Carnivora  and perhaps formed 
a part of the great Old World continent  There were also one or more very 
ancient unions  in Eocene or Miocene times  of the two continents  
admitting of the entrance of the ancestral types of Quadrumana into South 
America  and  somewhat later  of the Camelid    while the isthmus south of 
Nicaragua was at one time united to the southern continent  at another made 
insular by subsidence near Panama  and thus obtained that rich variety of 
Neotropical types that still characterises it  When the final union of the 
two continents took place  the tropical climate of the lower portions of 
Guatemala and Mexico would invite rapid immigration from the south  while 
some northern forms would extend their range into and beyond the newly 
elevated territory  The Mexican sub region has therefore a composite 
character  and we must not endeavour too rigidly to determine its northern 
limits  nor claim as exclusively Neotropical  forms which are perhaps 
comparatively recent immigrants  and it would perhaps be a more accurate 
representation of the facts  if we were to consider all the highlands of 
Mexico and Guatemala above the limits of the tropical forests  as still 
belonging to the Nearctic region  of which the whole country so recently 
formed a part  
 
The long continued separation of North and South America  59 by one or more 
arms of the sea  as above indicated  is further rendered necessary by the 
character of the molluscan fauna of the Pacific shores of tropical America  
which is much more closely allied to that of the Caribbean sea  and even of 
West Africa  than to that of the Pacific islands  The families and many of 
the genera are the same  and a certain proportion of very closely allied or 
identical species  shows that the union of the two oceans continued into 
late Tertiary times  When the evidence of both land and sea animals support 
each other as they do here  the conclusions arrived at are almost as 
certain as if we had  as we no doubt some day shall have  geological proof 
of these successive subsidences  
 
 Islands of the Mexican Sub region    The only islands of interest 
belonging to this sub region  are Tres Marias and Socorro  recently 
investigated by Col  Grayson for some of the American Natural History 
societies  
 
Tres Marias consist of four small islands lying off the coast of 
north western Mexico  about 70 miles from San Blas  The largest is about 15 
miles long by 10 wide  They are of horizontally stratified deposits  of 
moderate height and flat topped  and everywhere covered with luxuriant 
virgin forests  They appear to lie within the 100 fathom line of soundings  
Fifty two species of birds  of which 45 were land birds  were collected on 
these islands  They consisted of 19 Passeres  11 Picari    7 being 
humming birds   10 Accipitres  2 parrots  and 3 pigeons  All were Mexican 
species except 4  which were new  and presumably peculiar to the islands  
and one tolerably marked variety  The new species belong to the following 
genera    Parula  and  Granatellus   Mniotiltid      Icterus   Icterid     
and  Amazilia   Trochilid     A small  Psittacula  differs somewhat from the 
same species on the mainland  
 
There are a few mammalia on the islands  a rabbit   Lepus   supposed to be 
new  a very small opossum   Didelphys    and a racoon   Procyon    There 
are also several tree snakes  a  Boa   and many lizards  The occurrence of 
so many mammalia and snakes is a proof that these islands have been once 
joined to the mainland  but the fact that some of the species of both birds 
and  60 mammals are peculiar  indicates that the separation is not a very 
recent one  At the same time  as all the species are very closely allied to 
those of the opposite coasts when not identical  we may be sure that the 
subsidence which isolated them is not geologically remote  
 
Socorro  the largest of the Revillagigedo Islands  is altogether different 
from the Tres Marias  It is situated a little further south  19 S  
Latitude   and about 300 miles from the coast  in deep water  It is about 
2 000 feet high  very rugged and bare  and wholly volcanic  No mammalia 
were observed  and no reptiles but a small lizard  a new species of a genus 
  Uta   characteristic of the deserts of N  Western Mexico  The only 
observed land shell   Orthalicus undatus   also inhabits N  W  Mexico  Only 
14 species of birds were obtained  of which 9 were land birds  but of these 
4 were new species  one a peculiar variety  and another   Parula 
insularis   a species first found in the Tres Marias  With the exception of 
this bird and a  Buteo   all the land birds belonged to different  genera  
from any found on the Tres Marias  though all were Mexican forms  The 
peculiar species belonged to the genera  Harporhynchus   Turdid     
 Troglodytes   Troglodytid      Pipilo   Fringillid      Zenaidura  
 Columbid     and a variety of  Conurus holochrous   Psittacid     
 
The absence of mammals and snakes  the large proportion of peculiar 
species  the wholly volcanic nature of these islands  and their situation 
in deep water 300 miles from land   all indicate that they have not formed 
part of the continent  but have been raised in the ocean  and the close 
relation of their peculiar species to those living in N  Western Mexico  
renders it probable that their antiquity is not geologically great  
 
The Cocos Islands  about 300 miles S  W  of the Isthmus of Panama  are 
known to possess one peculiar bird  a cuckoo of the  Coccyzus  type  which 
is considered by some ornithologists to constitute a peculiar genus  
 Nesococcyx   
 
 
 IV  The West Indian Islands  or Antillean Sub region   
 
The West Indian islands are  in many respects  one of the most interesting 
of zoological sub regions  In position they  61 form an unbroken chain 
uniting North and South America  in a line parallel to the great Central 
American isthmus  yet instead of exhibiting an intermixture of the 
productions of Florida and Venezuela  they differ widely from both these 
countries  possessing in some groups a degree of speciality only to be 
found elsewhere in islands far removed from any continent  They consist of 
two very large islands  Cuba and Hayti  3  two of moderate size  Jamaica 
and Portorico  and a chain of much smaller islands  St  Croix  Anguilla  
Barbuda  Antigua  Guadeloupe  Dominica  Martinique  St  Lucia  St  Vincent  
Barbadoes  and Grenada  with a host of intervening islets  Tobago  
Trinidad  Margarita  and Cura  ao  are situated in shallow water near the 
coast of South America  of which they form part zoologically  To the north 
of Cuba and Hayti are the Bahamas  an extensive group of coral reefs and 
islands  700 miles long  and although very poor in animal life  belonging 
zoologically to the Antilles  All the larger islands  and most of the 
smaller ones  except those of coral formation  are very mountainous and 
rocky  the chains rising to about 8 000 feet in Hayti and Jamaica  and to 
nearly the same height in Cuba  All  except where they have been cleared by 
man  are covered with a luxuriant forest vegetation  the temperature is 
high and uniform  the rains ample  the soil  derived from granitic and 
limestone rocks  exceedingly fertile  and as the four larger islands 
together are larger than Great Britain  we might expect an ample and 
luxuriant fauna  The reverse is however the case  and there are probably no 
land areas on the globe  so highly favoured by nature in all the essentials 
for supporting animal life  and at the same time so poor in all the more 
highly organised groups of animals  Before entering upon our sketch of the 
main features of this peculiar but limited fauna  it will be well to note a 
few peculiarities in the physical structure of the islands  which have an 
important bearing on their past  62 history  and will enable us to account 
for much that is peculiar in the general character of their natural 
productions  
 
If we draw a line immediately south of St  Croix and St  Bartholomew  we 
shall divide the Archipelago into two very different groups  The southern 
range of islands  or the Lesser Antilles  are  almost without exception  
volcanic  beginning with the small detached volcanoes of Saba and St  
Eustatius  and ending with the old volcano of Grenada  Barbuda and Antigua 
are low islands of Tertiary or recent formation  connected with the 
volcanic islands by a submerged bank at no great depth  The islands to the 
north and west are none of them volcanic  many are very large  and these 
have all a central nucleus of ancient or granitic rocks  We must also note  
that the channels between these islands are not of excessive depth  and 
that their outlines  as well as the direction of their mountain ranges  
point to a former union  Thus  the northern range of Hayti is continued 
westward in Cuba  and eastward in Portorico  while the south western 
peninsula extends in a direct line towards Jamaica  the depth between them 
being 600 fathoms  Between Portorico and Hayti there is only 250 fathoms  
while close to the south of all these islands the sea is enormously deep  
from more than 1 000 fathoms south of Cuba and Jamaica  to 2 000 south of 
Hayti  and 2 600 fathoms near the south east extremity of Portorico  The 
importance of the division here pointed out will be seen  when we state  
that indigenous mammalia of peculiar genera are found on the western group 
of islands only  and it is on these that all the chief peculiarities of 
Antillian zoology are developed  
 
 Mammalia    The mammals of the West Indian Islands are exceedingly few  
but very interesting  Almost all the orders most characteristic of South 
America are absent  There are no monkeys  no carnivora  no edentata  
Besides bats  which are abundant  only two orders are represented  rodents  
by peculiar forms of a South American family  and insectivora  an order 
entirely wanting in South America  by a genus belonging to a family largely 
developed in Madagascar and found nowhere else  The early voyagers mention 
 Coatis  and  Agoutis  as being  63 found in Hayti and the other large 
islands  and it is not improbable that species allied to  Nasua  and 
 Dasyprocta  did exist  and have been destroyed by the dogs of the 
invaders  though  on the other hand  these names may have been applied to 
the existing species  which do bear some general resemblance to these two 
forms  
 
The Chiroptera  or bats  are represented by a large number of species and 
by several peculiar genera  The American family of Phyllostomid   or 
vampires  has six genera in the Antilles  of which three   Lonchorina   
 Brachyphylla   and  Phyllonycteris   are peculiar  the latter being found 
only in Cuba  The Vespertilionid   have four genera  of which one  
 Nycticellus   is confined to Cuba  There are six genera of Noctilionid    
of which one   Phyllodia   is confined to Jamaica  
 
The Insectivora are represented by the genus  Solenodon   of which two 
species are known  one inhabiting Cuba the other Hayti  These are small 
animals about the size of a cat  with long shrew like snout  bare rat like 
tail  and long claws  Their peculiar dentition and other points of their 
anatomy shows that they belong to the family Centetid    of which five 
different genera inhabit Madagascar  while there is nothing closely allied 
to them in any other part of the world but in these two islands  
 
Seals are said to be found on the shores of some of the islands  but they 
are very imperfectly known  
 
The rodents belong to the family Octodontid    or  according to some 
authors  to the Echimyid    both characteristic South American groups  They 
consist of two genera   Capromys   containing three or four species 
inhabiting Cuba and Jamaica  while  Plagiodontia   very closely allied  is 
confined to Hayti  A peculiar mouse  a species of the American genus 
 Hesperomys   is said to inhabit Hayti and Martinique  and probably other 
islands  A  Dasyprocta  or agouti  closely allied to  if not identical 
with  a South American species  inhabits St  Vincent  St  Lucia  and 
Grenada  and perhaps St  Thomas  and is the only mammal of any size 
indigenous to the Lesser Antilles  All the islands in which sugar is 
cultivated are  however  overrun with European rats and mice  and it is not 
improbable that these may have  64 starved out and exterminated some of the 
smaller native rodents  
 
 Birds    The birds of the Antilles  although very inferior in number and 
variety to those of the mainland  are yet sufficiently abundant and 
remarkable  to offer us good materials for elucidating the past history of 
the country  when aided by such indications as geology and physical 
geography can afford  
 
The total number of land birds which are permanent residents in the West 
India islands is  as nearly as can be ascertained from existing materials  
203  There are  in addition to this number  according to Prof  Baird  88 
migrants from North America  which either spend the winter in some of the 
islands or pass on to Central or South America  These migrants belong to 55 
genera  and it is an interesting fact that so many as 40 of these genera 
have no resident representatives in the islands  This is important  as 
showing that this northern migration is probably a recent and superficial 
phenomenon  and has not produced any  or a very slight  permanent effect on 
the fauna  The migratory genera which have permanent residents  and almost 
always representative species  in the islands  are in most cases 
characteristic rather of the Neotropical than of the Nearctic fauna  as the 
following list will show   Turdus    Dendroeca    Vireo    Polioptila   
 Agel  us    Icterus    Contopus    Myiarchus    Tyrannus    Antrostomus   
 Chordeiles    Coccyzus    Columba   By far the larger part of these birds 
visit Cuba only  81 species being recorded as occurring in that island  
while only 31 have been found in Jamacia  12 in Porto Rico and St  Croix  
and 2 in Tobago and Trinidad  Setting aside these migratory birds  as 
having no bearing on the origin of the true Antillean fauna  we will 
discuss the residents somewhat in detail  
 
The resident land birds  203 in number  belong to 95 genera and 26 
families  Of these families 15 are cosmopolitan or nearly so  Turdid    
Sylviid    Corvid    Hirundinid    Fringillid    Picid    Cuculid    
Caprimulgid    Cypselid    Trogonid    Psittacid    Columbid    Tetraonid    
Falconid    and Strigid    5 are American only  Vireonid    Mniotiltid    
Icterid    Tyrannid    Trochilid    4 are Netropical only or almost 
 65 exclusively  Coerebid    Tanagrid    Cotingid    Conurid    1 is Antillean 
only  Todid    while 1  Ampelid    is confined  in the western hemisphere  to 
North America  and almost to the Nearctic region  Of the 95 genera  no less 
than 31  or almost exactly one third  are peculiar  while of the 203 
resident species  177 are peculiar  the other 26 being all inhabitants of 
South or Central America  Considering how closely the islands approach the 
continent in several places  Florida  Yucatan  and Venezuela  this amount 
of speciality in such locomotive creatures as birds  is probably unexampled 
in any other part of the globe  The most interesting of these peculiar 
genera are the following  4 of Turdid    or thrushes  1 confined to the 
large islands  1 to the whole archipelago  while 2 are limited to the 
Lesser Antilles  2 genera of Tanagrid    confined to the larger islands  2 
of Trogonid    also confined to the larger islands  5 of hummingbirds  3 
confined to the Greater  1 to the Lesser Antilles  2 of cuckoos  one 
represented in all the large islands  the other in Jamaica only  2 of owls  
one peculiar to Jamaica  the other represented in St  Croix  St  Thomas  
Portorico  and Cuba  and lastly   Todus   constituting a peculiar family  
and having representative species in each of the larger islands  is 
especially interesting because it belongs to a group of families which are 
wholly Neotropical  the Momotid    Galbulid    and Todid    The presence of 
this peculiar form  with 2 trogons  10 species of parrots  all but one 
peculiar  16 peculiar humming birds belonging to 8 genera  a genus of 
Cotingid    10 peculiar tanagers belonging to 3 genera  9 Coerebid   of 3 
genera  together with species of such exclusively Netropical genera as 
 Coereba    Certhiola    Sycalis    Phonipara    Elainea    Pitangus   
 Campephilus    Chloronerpes    Nyctibius    Stenopsis    Lampornis   
 Calypte    Ara    Chrysotis    Zenaida    Leptoptila   and  Geotrygon   
sufficiently demonstrate the predominant affinities of this fauna  although 
there are many cases in which it is difficult to say  whether the ancestors 
of the peculiar genera or species may not have been derived from the 
Nearctic rather than from the Neotropical region  
 
The several islands differ considerably in their apparent 
 66 productiveness  but this is  no doubt  partly due to our knowledge of 
Cuba and Jamaica being much more complete than of Hayti  The species of 
resident land birds at present known are as follows    
 
  Cuba               68 species of which 40 are peculiar to it  
  Hayti              40                  17                    
  Jamaica            67                  41                    
  Portorico          40                  15                    
  Lesser Antilles    45                  24                    
 
If we count the peculiar genera of each island  and reckon as      when a 
genus is common to two islands only  the numbers are as follows   Cuba 7    
Hayti 3    Jamaica 8    Portorico 1  Lesser Antilles 3    These figures show 
us  that although Jamaica is one of the smaller and the most isolated of 
the four chief islands  it yet stands in the first rank  both for the 
number of its species and of its peculiar forms of birds   and although 
this superiority may be in part due to its having been more investigated  
it is probably not wholly so  since Cuba has also been well explored  This 
fact indicates  that the West Indian islands have undergone great changes  
and that they were not peopled by immigration from surrounding countries 
while in the condition we now see them  for in that case the smaller and 
more remote islands would be very much poorer  while Cuba  which is not 
only the largest  but nearest to the mainland in two directions  would be 
immensely richer  just as it really is in migratory birds  
 
The number of birds common to the four larger islands is very 
small  probably not more than half a dozen  between 20 and 30 are common to 
some two of the islands  counting the Lesser Antilles as one island  and a 
few to three  but the great mass of the species  at least 140  are confined 
each to some one of the five islands or groups we have indicated  This is 
an amount of isolation and speciality  probably not to be equalled 
elsewhere  and which must have required a remarkable series of physical 
changes to bring about  What those changes probably were  we shall be in a 
better position to consider when we have completed our survey of the 
various classes of land animals  
 
 
 
Plate XVII  
 
 Illustration  
 
A SCENE IN CUBA  WITH CHARACTERISTIC ANIMALS  
 
 67 In the preceding enumeration the Bahamas have been included with Cuba  
as regards the birds they have in common  but they possess some half dozen 
species not found elsewhere  and even one central American genus of 
humming birds   Doricha   not found in any other part of the Antilles  We 
have thus given Cuba rather more peculiar species than it really possesses  
so that the proportionate richness of Jamaica is rather greater than shown 
by our figures  
 
The destruction of the forests and the increase of population  with  
perhaps  the use of firearms  seem to have led to the extermination of some 
species of birds in the smaller islands  Professor Newton has called 
attention to the work of M  Ledru  who  in 1796  described the birds of St  
Thomas  He mentions a parrot and a parroquet in the island  the latter only 
being now known  and very scarce  also a green pigeon and a tody  both now 
unknown  No less than six species of parrots are said to have been formerly 
found in Guadeloupe and Martinique  which are now extinct  
 
 Plate XVII  Illustrating the peculiar Mammalia and Birds of the 
Antilles    The scene of this illustration is Cuba  the largest of the West 
Indian islands  and one in which all its peculiar zoological features are 
well developed  In the foreground is the agouta   Solenodon cubanus    a 
remarkable insectivorous animal which  with another species inhabiting 
Hayti  has no allies on the American continent  nor anywhere in the world 
but in Madagascar  where a group of animals are found constituting the 
family Centetid    to which  Solenodon  is said undoubtedly to belong  Above 
it are a pair of hutias   Capromys fournieri    rat like animals belonging 
to the South American family Octodontid    They live in the forests  and 
climb trees readily  eating all kinds of vegetable food  Three species of 
the genus are known  which are found only in Cuba and Jamaica  Just above 
these animals is a white breasted trogon   Prionoteles temnurus    confined 
to Cuba  and the only species of the genus  Near the top of the picture are 
a pair of todies   Todus multicolor    singular little insectivorous birds 
allied to the motmots  but forming a very distinct family which is confined 
to the islands of the  68 Greater Antilles  They are beautifully coloured 
birds   green above  red and white beneath  and are exceedingly active in 
their movements  To the right are a pair of small humming birds 
  Sporadinus ricordi    not very remarkable in this beautiful family  but 
introduced here because they belong to a genus which is confined to the 
Greater Antilles  
 
 
 Table of distribution of West Indian Birds    As the birds of the West 
Indian islands are particularly interesting and their peculiarities 
comparatively little known  we give here a table of the genera of 
land birds  compiled from all available sources of information  Owing to 
the numerous independent observations on which it is founded  the 
discrepancies of nomenclature  and uncertainty in some cases as to the 
locality of species  it can only be looked upon as an approximative summary 
of the existing materials on Antillean ornithology  
 
 
 TABLE OF THE RESIDENT LAND BIRDS OF THE ANTILLES   
 
NOTE   Genera confined to the West Indies are in Italics  An   a   after 
 1  indicates a species common to two islands  but where there are two or 
more species in an island  or the localities are doubtful  this indication 
cannot be given  All species not otherwise noted are peculiar to the 
Antilles  
 
  Key to columns  
  Column 1 Cuba  
         2 Bahamas  
         3 Hayti  
         4 Jamaica  
         5 Portorico   St  Croix  
         6 Lesser Antilles  
         7 Total resident species  
 
                                                                            
                         Number of Species in          
     Family and             each Island                
       Genus                                             Remarks  
                     1    2    3    4    5    6    7   
                                                                            
  TURDID                                                
   Turdus                           1              1   Five species migrate 
                                                          to Cuba 
    Mimocichla       2    1    1    1              5   
    Margarops                 1a        1a    3    4   Martinique  St  
                                                         Lucia  Guada  
    Rhamphocinclus                            1    1   Martinique and St  
                                                         Lucia 
    Cinclocerthia                             3    3   Nevis to St  Lucia 
   Mimus             1    1         1              3   Another species 
                                                         migrates to the 
                                                         Antilles 
                                                       
  SYLVIID                                               
   Myiadestes        1              1         1    3   St  Lucia 
   Polioptila        1                             1   
                                                       
  VIREONID                                              
   Vireosylvia       1         1    1    1    1    2   One S  American 
                                                         species 
   Vireo             1    1         1    1         4   Five species migrate 
                                                         to Cuba 
    Laletes                         1              1   
    Phoenicomanes                   1              1   
                                                       
  CORVID                                                
   Corvus            1        1a    1   1a         3   
   Cyanocorax                       1              1   S  American species 
                                                       
  MNIOTILTID                                            
   Perissoglossa     1         1         1         1   N  American species 
   Dendroeca         2    2    1    3    1    1    7   Twelve sp  migrate 
                                                         to W  I  
    Teretristis      2                             2   
                                                       
  COEREBID                                              
   Certhiola              1    1    1    2    2    7   Dominica and 
                                                         Martinique 
    Glossiptila                     1              1   
   Coereba           1                             1   S  American species 
                                                       
  AMPELID                                               
    Dulus                      1                   2   One species locality 
                                                         unknown 
                                                       
  HIRUNDINID                                            
   Progne                      1    1    1         1   
   Pterochelidon     1              1    1         1   
   Hirundo           1        1a   1a              2   One S  American 
                                                         species 
                                                       
  TANAGRID                                              
   Euphonia         1a        1a    1    1    1    4   St  Bartholom    
                                                         Martinique 
    Spindalis        2    1    1    1    1         5   
    Ph  nicophilus              1                   1   
   Saltator                                   1    1   Guadeloupe and St  
                                                         Lucia 
                                                       
  FRINGILLID                                            
     Loxigilla                 1    1         1    3   Martinique and 
                                                         Dominica 
     Melopyrrha      1                             1   
   Sycalis                          1              1   S  American species 
   Phonipara         3         3    3    2         4   One S  American 
                                                         species 
   Chrysomitris                1                   1   
                                                       
  ICTERID                                               
   Icterus           1         1    1    2    2    6   
   Agel  us           2                   1         3   
   Sturnella         1                             1   Mexican species 
    Nesopsar                        1              1   
   Scolecophagus     1                             1   
   Quiscalus                   1    1    2    2    4   St  Lucia  
                                                        Martinique and 
                                                        Barbadoes 
                                                       
  TYRANNID                                              
   Elainea                          2         1    3   
   Pitangus         1a             1a    1         2   
   Contopus                         1         1    2   St  Lucia 
   Myiarchus         2         1    3    1   1b    7   One S  American 
                                                         species  b  
    Blacicus        1a        1a    1              2   
   Tyrannus          2             1b   1b   2b    3   One sp  in Cen  
                                                         America  b  
                                                       
  COTINGID                                              
   Hadrostomus                      1              1   
                                                       
  PICID                                                 
   Campephilus       1                             1   
    Xiphidiopicus    1                             1   
   Melanerpes                            1         1   
   Chloronerpes                1                   1   
   Centurus          1         1    1              3   
   Colaptes          2                             2   
    Nesoceleus       1                             1   
    Picumnus                   1                   1   
                                                       
  CUCULID                                               
    Saurothera       1         1    1    1         4   
    Hyetornis                  1    1              2   
   Coccygus          1         2    1    1    1    3   Dominica  St  Lucia  
                                                         all Neotropical 
                                                         species 
   Crotophaga        1              1    1    1    2   N    Cen  American 
                                                         species 
                                                       
  TODID                                                 
    Todus            1         1    2    1         5   
                                                       
  TROGONID                                              
    Prionoteles      1                             1   
    Temnotrogon                1                   1   
                                                       
  CAPRIMULGID                                           
   Nyctibius                        1              1   Neotropical species 
   Chordeiles                       1              1   
   Antrostomus       2              1         1    2   One Neotropical 
                                                         species 
    Siphonorhis                     1              1   
   Stenopsis                                  1    1   Martinique 
                                                          S  America sp   
                                                       
  CYPSELID                                              
   Cypselus          1              1              1   
   Panyptila                   1                   1   S  American species 
   Hemiprocne                  1    1              1   Mexican species 
   Cypseloides                      1              1   
                                                       
  TROCHILID                                             
   Lampornis                  1a    1   2a   1a    3   
   Doricha                2                        2   
    Eulampis                             1    2    2   St  Croix  Dominica  
                                                         St  Lucia  
                                                         Martinique 
    Aithurus                        1              1   
    Mellisuga                  1    1              1   
   Calypte           1                             1   
    Orthorhynchus                        1    2    3   Domin   Martini   
                                                         St  Lucia 
    Sporadinus       1         1         1         3   
                                                       
  CONURID                                               
   Ara               1                             1   S  American species 
   Conurus           1              1    1    1    1   St  Thomas 
                                                       
  PSITTACID                                             
   Chrysotis         1         1    2    1    3    8   
                                                       
  COLUMBID                                              
   Columba           1         1    2    2    1    3   One in Honduras 
   Cham  pelia                       1    1    1    1   
   Zenaida           1         1    1    1    2    2   
   Leptoptila                       1              1   
   Geotrygon         2         1    2    1    2    5   St  Lucia  
                                                         Martinique  one 
                                                         species Mexican 
    Starnoenas       1                             1   
                                                       
  TETRAONID                                             
   Ortyx             1                             1   
                                                       
  FALCONID                                              
   Accipiter         2                             2   
   Hypotriorchis                    1              1   Mexican species 
   Cerchneis         2         1              1    2   
   Cymindis          1                             1   
   Polyborus         1                             1   Mexican species 
                                                       
  STRIGID                                               
   Nyctalops         1                             1   S  American species 
    Pseudoscops                     1              1   
    Gymnoglaux       1                   1         2   St  Croix and St  
                                                         Thomas 
   Glaucidium        1                             1   
                                                                            
 
          Number of families of resident land birds in the Antilles   26 
  TOTALS            genera                                            95 
                    species                                          203 
 
 72  Reptiles and Amphibia    These classes not having been systematically 
collected  and the numerous described genera not having undergone careful 
revision  little trustworthy information can be derived from them  The 
following enumeration of the chief groups hitherto noticed or described  
will  however  show very similar features to those presented by the 
birds  a general relation to Neotropical forms  a more special relation to 
those of Central America and Mexico  and a considerable number of peculiar 
types  
 
Snakes    Arrhyton   Calamariid    from Cuba   Hypsirhynchus  from 
Barbadoes   Cryptodacus  from Cuba   Ialtris  from Hayti  and  Coloragia  
from Cuba  all Colubrid     have been described as genera peculiar to the 
Antilles   Phylodryas  and  Dromicus   Colubrid    are Antillean and 
Neotropical   Ah  tulla    Dendrophid    has the same distribution but 
extends to tropical Africa   Epicrates  and  Corallus   Pythonid    are 
Neotropical and Antillean  while  Chilabothrus  from Jamaica and  Ungalia  
from Cuba and Jamaica  both Pythonid    are found elsewhere only in Central 
America and Mexico  There appear to be no Crotalid   except an introduced 
species of  Craspedocephalus  in St  Lucia  
 
Lizards are more numerous   Ameiva   Teid    is found all over America  
 Gerrhonotus   Zonurid    is Neotropical and occurs in Cuba   Gymnopthalmus  
is South American and Antillean  Of Scincid   seven genera are noted  
 Celestus   with 9 species  is peculiar to the Antilles   Camilia   1 
species  to Jamaica   Panoplus   1 species  and  Embryopus   1 species  to 
Hayti   Diplogossus  is Antillean and South American  while  Plestiodon  
and  Mabouya  are cosmopolite  Of Geckotid   there are four genera  
 Phyllodactylus  and  Hemidactylus  which are cosmopolite   Sph  rodactylus  
which is wholly American  and  Cubina  found only in Martinique and Brazil  
Of Iguanid   there are six genera   Anolis   which ranges all over America  
 Polychrus   which is Neotropical   Iguana  and  Liocephalus  which are 
South American   Tropedurus  found in Cuba and Brazil  and  Cyclura  only 
known from Jamaica  Cuba  and Central America  
 
 Amphibia    The genus  Trachycephalus   belonging to the  73 Hylid   or 
tropical tree frogs  is almost peculiar to the Antilles  Cuba  Hayti  and 
Jamaica possessing seven species  while only one is recorded from South 
America  Other genera are   Peltaphryne   Bufonid    from Portorico  
 Phyllobates   Polypedatid    from Cuba   Leiuperus   Ranid    from 
Hayti   all Neotropical  Of the Urodela  or tailed batrachians  no 
representative occurs  although they are so characteristic a feature of the 
Nearctic region  
 
 Fresh water fish    The same general remarks apply to these as to the 
reptiles  Only one peculiar genus is noted   Lebistes   a form of 
Cyprinodontid   from Barbadoes  other genera of the same family being  
 Haplochilus    Rivulus   and  Girardinus   widely spread in the 
Neotropical region  while  Gambusia  is confined to Central America  
Mexico  and the Antilles  Four other families are represented  Silurid   by 
 Ch  tostomus   found in Portorico and South America  Chromid   by the South 
American  Acara   Mugillid   by the Central American  Agonostoma   and 
Percid   by the North American  Centrarchus   of which a species is recorded 
from Cuba  
 
 Insects    The various West Indian islands have not been well explored 
entomologically  one reason no doubt being  that their comparative poverty 
renders them little attractive to the professional collector  while the 
abounding riches of Central and South America lie so near at hand  We can  
therefore  hardly tell whether the comparative poverty  or even total 
absence of some families while others seem fairly represented  is a real 
phenomenon of distribution  or only dependent on imperfect knowledge  
Bearing this in mind  we proceed to give a sketch of what is known of the 
chief groups of Lepidoptera and Coleoptera  
 
 Lepidoptera    The Neotropical butterfly fauna is but poorly represented  
the majority of the most remarkable types being entirely wanting  yet there 
are a few peculiar and very characteristic forms which show great 
isolation  while the majority of the species are peculiar  Four genera are 
exclusively or characteristically Antillean    Calisto  belonging to the 
Satyrid    with four species  of which one ranges to South Carolina  
 Clothilda   74  Nymphalid    a fine genus which has 4 Antillean species and 
2 in Central America   Lucinia   Nymphalid    2 species  confined to Jamaica 
and Hayti  and  Kricogonia  belonging to the Pierid    which has 2 West 
Indian species  while 1 inhabits Mexico and Florida  Genera which show a 
special relation to Central America are  Euptoieta    Eum  us   and 
 Nathalis   Almost all the other genera are South American  the total 
number recorded in each family as occurring in the West Indian islands  
being  3 of Danaid    1 of Heliconiid    2 of Satyrid    18 of Nymphalid    1 
of Erycinid    4 of Lyc  nid    6 of Pierid    1 of Papilionid    and 10 of 
Hesperid    The genus  Papilio  is represented by about 20 species  2 of 
which are North American  4 South American  while the rest form little 
characteristic groups allied to those of Central America  The most marked 
feature seems to be the scarcity of Satyrid   and the almost total absence 
of Erycinid    with a great deficiency in characteristic Neotropical forms 
of Danaid   and Nymphalid    
 
 Coleoptera    Cicindelid   and Carabid   are very poorly represented  by a 
few species of wide spread groups  and hardly any peculiar genera  No 
Lucanid   are recorded  Of Cetoniid     Gymnetis  only appears to be 
represented  Buprestid   seem to be more numerous  15 genera being recorded  
but almost all of wide distribution  One only is 
peculiar   Tetragonoschoma   found in Hayti   Halecia  is the only 
exclusively South American genus   Chalcophora  is widely scattered over 
the tropical regions but is absent from South America  yet it occurs in the 
Nearctic region and extends to Jamaica and Guadeloupe  We now come to the 
Longicorns  the only group of Coleoptera which seems to be well 
represented  or which has been carefully collected  No less than 40 genera 
are known from the West Indian islands  and 15 of these are peculiar  
Prionid   are proportionately very numerous  there being 10 genera  2 of 
which are widely distributed in both South and North America  1 is North 
American  and 1 South American  while the following are 
peculiar    Stenodontes   Hayti and Cuba    Dendroblaptus   Cuba   
 Monodesmus   Cuba and Jamaica    Prosternodes   Cuba    Solenoptera  and 
 Elateropsis   the two largest genera found in most of the  75 islands  Of 
Cerambycid   there are 16 genera  2 of which range all over America  4 are 
Neotropical  1 South American only  while the following are confined to the 
islands    Merostenus    Pentomacrus   and  Eburiola   Jamaica   
 Bromiades   Cuba    Trichrous    Heterops   and  P  ciloderma   Antilles   
One genus   Smodicum   is widely spread  having a species in Carolina  1 in 
South America  1 in Hayti  and 1 in West Africa  Of Lamiid   there are 14 
genera  8 of which are Neotropical  1 common to Central America and Mexico  
1 to the United States and Cuba  while 2   Proecha  and  Phidola   are 
confined to Cuba  Several of the genera are curiously 
distributed    Spalacopsis  is South American  with 4 species in Cuba and 
Tropical Africa   Lagocheirus  is Neotropical  with a species in Australia  
while  Leptostilus  is characteristic of the Antilles and North America  
with a few species in South America  and one in New Zealand  These cases of 
erratic distribution  so opposed to the general series of phenomena among 
which they occur  must be held to be sufficiently explained by the great 
antiquity of these groups and their former wide distribution  They may be 
supposed to be the remnants of types  now dying out  which were once  like 
 Callichroma    Clytus   and many others  almost universally distributed  
 
All the peculiar Antillean genera of Cerambycid   and Lamiid   are allied to 
Neotropical forms  The peculiar Prionid    however  are mostly allied to 
Mexican and North American groups  and one   Monodesmus   belongs to a 
group all the other genera of which inhabit the East Indies and South 
Africa  
 
 Land shells    This subject has already been generally treated under the 
Region  of which  in this class of animals  the Antilles form so important 
a part  We must therefore now confine ourselves mainly to the internal 
distribution of the genera  and to a few remarks on the general bearing of 
the facts  
 
The excessive and altogether unexampled productiveness of the West Indian 
islands in land shells  may be traced to two main sets of causes  The first 
and least known  consist of the peculiar influences and conditions which 
render islands always more productive than continents  Whatever these 
conditions  76 are  they will be more effective where the islands have been 
long separated from the mainland  as is here undoubtedly the case  It seems 
most probable that the great development of land shells in islands  is due 
to the absence or deficiency of the vertebrata  which on continents supply 
a variety of species adapted to prey upon these molluscs  This view is 
supported by the fact  that in such islands as have been united to a 
continent at no very distant epoch  and still maintain a continental 
variety of vertebrata  no such special development of land shells has taken 
place  If we compare the Philippine islands with the Sunda group  we find 
the development of vertebrata and land molluscs in inverse ratio to each 
other  The same thing occurs if we compare New Zealand and Tasmania  and we 
have a still more striking example in the Antillean group itself  
continental Trinidad having only 20 genera and 38 species  while the highly 
insular Jamaica has about 30 genera and more than 500 species  
 
The other causes favourable to the increase and development of land shells 
are of a physical nature  A great extent of limestone rock is one  and in 
the larger West Indian islands we have a considerable proportion of the 
surface consisting of this rock  But perhaps equally or more important  is 
the character of the land surface  and the texture of the exposed rock 
itself  A much broken surface  with numerous deep ravines  cutting up the 
whole country into isolated valleys and ridges  seems very favourable to 
the specialization of forms in this very sedentary class of animals  
Equally favourable is a honeycombed and highly fissured rock surface  
affording everywhere cracks and crannies for concealment  Now  taking 
Jamaica as an example of the archipelago  we find all these conditions in a 
wonderful degree  Over a large part of this island  a yard of level ground 
can hardly be found  but ridges  precipices  ravines  and rock bound 
valleys  succeed each other over the whole country  At least five sixths of 
the entire surface is limestone  and under the influence of tropical rains 
this rock is worn  fissured  and honeycombed  so as to afford ample shelter 
and concealment for land shells  
 
 77 It is probable that the three chief islands  Cuba  Jamaica and Hayti  
are nearly equally rich in land shells  but the last is very much less 
known  and therefore  perhaps  appears to be much poorer  Cuba has rather 
more species than Jamaica  but while the former has only 1 peculiar genus 
  Diplopoma    the latter has 3   Geomelania    Chittya   and  Jamaicea    
as well as two others only represented in the other islands by single 
species  From Hayti  only about one third as many species are known as from 
the two former islands  It has no peculiar genera  but it has some forms in 
common with Cuba and others with Jamaica  which show that those islands 
have more connection with it  than with each other  just as we found to be 
the case in birds  Portorico and the Virgin islands have still fewer 
species than Hayti  and  as many of the genera common to the other three 
islands are wanting  there is  no doubt  here a real deficiency  In the 
islands farther south  Barbuda to Martinique  more Antillean genera 
disappear or become very rare  while some continental forms take their 
place  The islands from St  Lucia to Trinidad have a still more continental 
character  the genus  Bulimus   so largely developed on the continent  only 
reaching St  Lucia  The Bahamas contain about 80 species of land shells  of 
which 25 are Antillean  the rest peculiar  all the genera being Antillean  
The affinity is chiefly with Hayti and Cuba  but closest with the latter 
island  
 
In the West Indian islands as a whole  there are 11 peculiar genera  9 
operculate   Geomelania    Chittya    Jamaicea    Licina    Choanopoma   
 Ctenopoma    Diplopoma    Stoastoma    Lucidella    and 2 inoperculate 
  Sagda  and  Stenopus    besides  Cyclostomus   which belongs to the Old 
World and is not found on the American continent  Mr  Bland considers  that 
many of the Antillean land shells exhibit decided African and Asiatic  
rather than South American affinities  A species of the Asiatic genus 
 Diplommatina  has been found in Trinidad  and an Indian species of  Ennea  
occurs in Grenada and St  Thomas  a clear indication that land shells are 
liable to be accidentally imported  and to become established in the less 
productive islands  
 
Although these islands are so wonderfully rich even now   78 there is good 
reason to believe that many species have become extinct since the European 
occupation of them  When small islands are much cultivated  many of these 
molluscs which can only live under the shade of forests  are soon 
extirpated  In St  Croix many species have become extinct at a 
comparatively recent period  from the burning of forests  and as we know 
that in all the islands many of the species are excessively local  being 
often confined to single valleys or ridges  we may be sure that wherever 
the native forests have disappeared before the hand of man  numbers of land 
shells have disappeared with them  As some of the smaller islands have been 
almost denuded of their wood  and in the larger ones extensive tracts have 
been cleared for sugar cultivation  a very considerable number of species 
have almost certainly been exterminated  
 
 General Conclusions as to the Past History of the West Indian 
Islands    The preceding sketch of the peculiarities of the animal life of 
these islands  enables us to state  that it represents the remains of an 
ancient fauna of decided Neotropical type  having on the whole most 
resemblance to that which now inhabits the Mexican sub region  The number 
of peculiar genera in all classes of animals is so great in proportion to 
those in common with the adjacent mainland  as to lead us to conclude that  
subsequent to the original separation from the Mexican area  a very large 
tract of land existed  calculated to support a rich and varied fauna  and  
by the interaction of competing types  give rise to peculiar and specially 
modified organisms  We have already shown that the outline of the present 
islands and the depths of the surrounding seas  give indications of the 
position and extent of this ancient land  which not improbably occupied the 
space enclosed by uniting Western Cuba with Yucatan  and Jamaica with the 
Mosquito Coast  This land must have stretched eastward to include Anguilla  
and probably northward to include the whole of the Bahamas  At one time it 
perhaps extended southward so as to unite Hayti with northern Venezuela  
while Panama and Costa Pica were sunk beneath the Pacific  At this time the 
Lesser Antilles had no existence  
 
The only large island of whose geology we have any detailed  79 account  is 
Jamaica  and taking this as a type of what will probably be found in Cuba 
and Hayti  we must place the continental period as having occurred after 
the close of the Miocene  or during some part of the Pliocene epoch  since 
a large portion of the surface of the former island consists of beds of 
marine limestone from 2 000 to 3 000 thick  believed to be of Pliocene age  
After some time  the land between Hayti and South America subsided  and 
still later that between Central America and Cuba with Jamaica  but a large 
tract of land remained insulated  and no doubt supported a very much richer 
and more varied fauna than now  We have evidence of this in extinct 
Mammalia of large size  belonging to the peculiar South American family of 
the chinchillas  which have been found in caves in the small islands of 
Anguilla  and which  from the character of the land shells associated with 
them  are believed to be of Pliocene or Post pliocene age  This discovery 
is most interesting  and gives promise of very valuable results from the 
exploration of the numerous caverns that undoubtedly exist in the abundant 
limestone strata of the larger islands  This extensive Antillean land  
after long continuing undivided  was at length broken up by subsidence into 
several islands  but as this alone would not account for the almost 
complete annihilation of the mammalian fauna  it seems probable that the 
subsidence was continued much farther  so as greatly to reduce the size and 
increase the number of the islands  This is indicated  by the extensive 
alluvial plains in Cuba and Hayti  and to a less extent in Jamaica  and by 
elevated beds of Post pliocene marls in the latter island  
 
The series of changes now suggested  will account for all the main features 
of the Antillean fauna in its relations to that of the American continent  
There remains the affinity with Madagascar  indicated by  Solenodon   and a 
few cases of African and Asiatic affinity in insects and land shells  but 
these are far too scanty to call for any attempt at special explanation  
Such cases of remote affinity and discontinuous distribution  occur in all 
the regions  and in almost every group of animals  and we look upon them 
almost all  as cases of survival  under favourable  80 conditions  of once 
wide spread groups  If no wild species of the genus  Equus  were now to be 
found  except in South Africa  where they are still most abundant   and in 
South Temperate America  where their fossil remains show us they did exist 
not very long ago  what a strong fact it would have appeared for the 
advocates of continental extensions  Yet it would have been due to no 
former union of the great southern continents  but to the former extensive 
range of the family or the genus to which the two isolated remnants 
belonged  And if such an explanation will apply to the higher vertebrata  
it is still more likely to be applicable to similar cases occurring among 
insects or mollusca  the genera of which we have every reason to believe to 
be usually much older than those of vertebrates  It is in these classes 
that examples of widely scattered allied species most frequently occur  and 
the facility with which they are diffused under favourable conditions  
renders any other explanation than that here given altogether superfluous  
 
The  Solenodon  is a member of an order of Mammalia of low type 
 Insectivora  once very extensive and wide spread  but which has begun to 
die out  and which has left a number of curious and isolated forms thinly 
scattered over three fourths of the globe  The occurrence  therefore  of an 
isolated remnant of this order in the Antilles is not in itself remarkable  
and the fact that the remainder of the family to which the Antillean 
species belong has found a refuge in Madagascar  where it has developed 
into several distinct types  does not afford the least shred of argument on 
which to found a supposed independent land connection between these two 
sets of islands  
 
 
 Summary of the Past History of the Neotropical Region   
 
We have already discussed this subject  both in our account of extinct 
animals  and in various parts of the present chapter  It is therefore only 
necessary here  briefly to review and summarise the conclusions we have 
arrived at  
 
The whole character of Neotropical zoology  whether as regards its 
deficiencies or its specialities  points to a long continuance of isolation 
from the rest of the world  with a few very distant  81 periods of union 
with the northern continent  The latest important separation took place by 
the submergence of parts of Nicaragua and Honduras  and this separation 
probably continued throughout much of the Miocene and Pliocene periods  but 
some time previous to the coming on of the glacial epoch  the union between 
the two continents took place which has continued to our day  Earlier 
submergences of the isthmus of Panama probably occurred  isolating Costa 
Rica and Veragua  which then may have had a greater extension  and have 
thus been able to develope their rich and peculiar fauna  
 
The isthmus of Tehuantepec  at the south of Mexico  may  probably  also 
have been submerged  thus isolating Guatemala and Yucatan  and leading to 
the specialization of some of the peculiar forms that now characterise 
those countries and Mexico  
 
The West Indian Islands have been long isolated and have varied much in 
extent  Originally  they probably formed part of Central America  and may 
have been united with Yucatan and Honduras in one extensive tropical land  
But their separation from the continent took place at a remote period  and 
they have since been broken up into numerous islands  which have probably 
undergone much submergence in recent times  This has led to that poverty of 
the higher forms of life  combined with the remarkable speciality  which 
now characterises them  while their fauna still preserves a sufficient 
resemblance to that of Central America to indicate its origin  
 
The great continent of South America  as far as we can judge from the 
remarkable characteristics of its fauna and the vast depths of the oceans 
east and west of it  has not during Tertiary  and probably not even during 
Secondary times  been united with any other continent  except through the 
intervention of North America  During some part of the Secondary epoch it 
probably received the ancestral forms of its Edentates and Rodents  at a 
time when these were among the highest types of Mammalia on the globe  It 
appears to have remained long isolated  and to have already greatly 
developed these groups of animals  before it received  in early Tertiary 
times  the ancestors of its marmosets and monkeys  and  perhaps also  some 
of its peculiar forms of  82 Carnivora  Later  it received its Camelid    
peccaries  mastodons  and large Carnivora  and later still  just before the 
Glacial epoch  its deer  tapir  opossums  antelopes  and horses  the two 
latter having since become extinct  All this time its surface was 
undergoing important physical changes  What its earlier condition was we 
cannot conjecture  but there are clear indications that it has been broken 
up into at least three large masses  and probably a number of smaller ones  
and these have no doubt undergone successive elevations and subsidences  so 
as at one time to reduce their area and separate them still more widely 
from each other  and at another period to unite them into continental 
masses  The richness and varied development of the old fauna of South 
America  as still existing  proves  however  that the country has always 
maintained an extensive area  and there is reason to believe that the last 
great change has been a long continued and steady increase of its surface  
resulting in the formation of the vast alluvial plains of the Amazon  
Orinoko  and La Plata  and thus greatly favouring the production of that 
wealth of specific forms  which distinguishes South America above all other 
parts of our globe  
 
The southern temperate portion of the continent  has probably had a 
considerable southward extension in late Tertiary times  and this  as well 
as the comparatively recent elevation of the Andes  has given rise to some 
degree of intermixture of two distinct faunas  with that proper to South 
Temperate America itself  The most important of these  is the considerable 
Australian element that appears in the insects  and even in the reptiles 
and fresh water fishes  of South Temperate America  These may be traced to 
several causes  Icebergs and icefloes  and even solid fields of ice  may  
during the Glacial epoch  have afforded many opportunities for the passage 
of the more cold enduring groups  while the greater extension of southern 
lands and islands during the warm periods  which there is reason to believe 
prevailed in the southern as well as in the northern regions in Miocene 
times  would afford facilities for the passage of the reptiles and insects 
of more temperate zones  That no actual land connection occurred  is proved 
by the total absence  83 of interchange of the mammals or land birds of the 
two countries  no less than by the very fragmentary nature of the 
resemblances that do exist  The northern element consists almost wholly of 
insects  and is evidently due to the migration of arctic and north 
temperate forms along the ridges and plateaus of the Andes  and most likely 
occurred when these organisms were driven southward at successive cold or 
Glacial periods  
 
A curious parallel exists between the past history and actual zoological 
condition of South America and Africa  In both we see a very ancient 
land area extending into the South Temperate zone  isolated at a very early 
period  and developing only a low grade of Mammalian life  chiefly 
Edentates and Rodents on the one  Lemurs and Insectivora in the other  
Later we find an irruption into both of higher forms  including Quadrumana  
which soon acquired a large and special development in the tropical 
portions of each country  Still later we have an irruption into both of 
northern forms  which spread widely over the two regions  and having become 
extinct in the land from whence they came  have been long held to be the 
original denizens of their adopted country  Such are the various forms of 
antelopes  the giraffe  the elephant  rhinoceros  and lion in Africa  while 
in America we have deer and peccaries  the tapir  opossums  and the puma  
 
On the whole  we cannot but consider that the broad outlines of the 
zoological history of the Neotropical region can be traced with some degree 
of certainty  but  owing to the absence of information as to the most 
important of the geological periods  the Miocene and Eocene  we have no 
clue to the character of its early fauna  or to the land connections with 
other countries  which may possibly have occurred in early Tertiary times  
 
 
 
 
 84 TABLES OF DISTRIBUTION  
 
 
In drawing up these tables  showing the distribution of the various classes 
of animals in the Neotropical region  the following sources of information 
have been relied on  in addition to the general treatises  monographs  and 
catalogues used in the compilation of the Fourth Part of this work  
 
 Mammalia    D Orbigny  and Burmeister  for Brazil and La Plata  Darwin  
and Cunningham  for Temperate S  America  Tschudi  for Peru  Frazer  for 
Ecuador  Salvin  for Guatemala  Frantzius  for Costa Rica  Sclater  for 
Quadrumana N  of Panama  Gundlach  for Cuba  and papers by Dr  J  E  Gray  
and Mr  Tomes  
 
 Birds    Sclater and Salvin s Nomenclator  Notes by Darwin  and 
Cunningham  Gundlach  March  Bryant  Baird  Elliot  Newton  Semper  and 
Sundevall  for various islands of the Antilles  and papers by Hudson  
Lawrence  Grayson  Abbott  Sclater  and Salvin  
 
 
 85 TABLE I  
 
 FAMILIES OF ANIMALS INHABITING THE NEOTROPICAL REGION   
 
EXPLANATION  
 
  Names in  italics  show the families which are peculiar to the region  
 
  Names enclosed thus          indicate families which barely enter the 
  region  and are not considered properly to belong to it  
 
  Numbers correspond with those of the series of families in Part IV  
 
                                                                            
                         Sub regions         
                         1 Chili             
    Order and Family     2 Brazil              Range beyond the Region  
                         3 Mexico            
                         4 Antilles          
                                                                            
                         1    2    3    4    
                                                                            
                                             
  MAMMALIA                                   
  PRIMATES                                   
    4   Cebid                                 
    5   Hapalid                               
                                             
  CHIROPTERA                                 
   10   Phyllostomid                          California 
   12  Vespertilionid                         Cosmopolite 
   13  Noctilionid                            All tropical regions 
                                             
  INSECTIVORA                                
   18  Centetid                               Madagascar 
                                             
  CARNIVORA                                  
   23  Felid                                  All regions but Australian 
   28  Canid                                  All regions but Australian 
   29  Mustelid                               All regions but Australian 
   30  Procyonid                              N  America 
   32  Ursid                                  All regions but Ethiopian and 
                                               Australian 
   33  Otariid                                S  temperate zone 
   35  Phocid                                 N  and S  temperate zones 
                                             
  CETACEA                                    
   36 to 41                                  Oceanic 
                                             
  SIRENIA                                    
   42  Manatid                                Tropical shores 
                                             
  UNGULATA                                   
   44  Tapirid                                Indo Malaya 
   47  Suid                                   Cosmopolite  excl  Australia 
   48  Camelid                                Pal  arctic 
   50  Cervid                                 All regions but Ethiopian and 
                                               Australian 
                                             
  RODENTIA                                   
   55  Murid                                  Cosmopolite 
   59  Saccomyid                              Nearctic 
   61  Sciurid                                All regions but Australian 
   63   Chinchillid                           
   64  Octodontid                             Africa 
   65  Echimyid                               Ethiopian 
   66  Cercolabid                             Nearctic 
   68   Caviid                                
   70  Leporid                                All regions but Australian 
                                             
  EDENTATA                                   
   71   Bradypodid                            
   73   Dasypodid                             
   75   Myrmecophagid                         
                                             
  MARSUPIALIA                                
   76  Didelphyid                             Temperate N  America 
                                             
  BIRDS                                      
  PASSERES                                   
    1  Turdid                                 Almost cosmopolite 
    2  Sylviid                                Almost cosmopolite 
    5  Cinclid                                Nearctic  Pal  arctic  Oriental 
    6  Troglodytid                            Nearctic  Pal  arctic  Oriental 
    8  Certhiid                               Nearctic  Pal  arctic  Oriental 
    9  Sittid                                 All regions  excl  Africa 
   10  Parid                                  Nearctic  Pal  arctic  Oriental 
   20  Corvid                                 Cosmopolite 
   26   Coerebid                              
   27  Mniotiltid                             Nearctic 
   28  Vireonid                               Nearctic 
   29  Ampelid                                Nearctic  Pal  arctic 
   30  Hirundinid                             Cosmopolite 
   31  Icterid                                Nearctic 
   32  Tanagrid                               Nearctic 
   33  Fringillid                             All regions but Australian 
   38  Motacillid                             Cosmopolite 
   38a   Oxyrhamphid                          
   39  Tyrannid                               Nearctic 
   40   Piprid                                
   41   Cotingid                              
   42   Phytotomid                            
   44  Dendrocolaptid                         
   45   Formicariid                           
   46   Pteroptochid                          
                                             
  PICARI                                      
   51  Picid                                  All regions but Australian 
   54  Megal  mid                              Ethiopian  Oriental 
   55   Rhamphastid                           
   58  Cuculid                                Cosmopolite 
   60   Bucconid                              
   61   Galbulid                              
   64   Todid                                 
   65   Momotid                               
   66  Trogonid                               Ethiopian  Oriental 
   67  Alcedinid                              Cosmopolite 
   72   Steatornithid                         
   73  Caprimulgid                            Cosmopolite 
   74  Cypselid                               Almost cosmopolite 
   75  Trochilid                              Nearctic 
                                             
  PSITTACI                                   
   80  Conurid                                S  United States 
   81  Psittacid                              Ethiopian 
                                             
  COLUMB                                      
   84  Columbid                               Cosmopolite 
                                             
  GALLIN                                      
   87  Tetraonid                              Almost cosmopolite 
   88  Phasianid                              All regions but Australian 
   91   Cracid                                
   92   Tinamid                               
                                             
  OPISTHOCOMI                                
   93   Opisthocomid                          
                                             
  ACCIPITRES                                 
   94  Vulturid                               All regions but Australian 
   96  Falconid                               Cosmopolite 
   97  Pandionid                              Cosmopolite 
   98  Strigid                                Cosmopolite 
                                             
  GRALL                                       
   99  Rallid                                 Cosmopolite 
  100  Scolopacid                             Cosmopolite 
  101   Chionidid                             
  102   Thinocorid                            
  103  Parrid                                 Tropical regions 
  105  Charadriid                             Cosmopolite 
  108   Cariamid                              
  109   Aramid                                
  110   Psophiid                              
  111   Eurypygid                             
  113  Ardeid                                 Cosmopolite 
  114  Plataleid                              Almost cosmopolite 
  115  Ciconiid                               Nearly cosmopolite 
  116   Palamedeid                            
  117  Phoenicopterid                         Ethiopian  Indian 
                                             
  ANSERES                                    
  118  Anatid                                 Cosmopolite 
  119  Larid                                  Cosmopolite 
  120  Procellariid                           Cosmopolite 
  121  Pelecanid                              Cosmopolite 
  122  Spheniscid                             S  temperate zone 
  124  Podicipid                              Cosmopolite 
                                             
  STRUTHIONES                                
  126  Struthionid                            Ethiopian 
                                             
  REPTILIA                                   
  OPHIDIA                                    
    1  Typhlopid                              Tropical regions and 
                                               S  Pal  arctic 
    2  Tortricid                              Oriental  N  W  America 
    5  Calamariid                             All warm countries 
    6  Oligodontid                            Oriental  Japan 
    7  Colubrid                               Almost cosmopolite 
    8  Homalopsid                             All the regions 
   11  Dendrophid                             All tropical regions 
   12  Dryiophid                              Oriental  Ethiopian 
   13  Dipsadid                               All tropical regions 
   14  Scytalid                               Philippine Islands 
   16  Amblycephalid                          Oriental 
   17  Pythonid                               All tropical regions  
                                               California 
   20  Elapid                                 Tropical regions  Japan  
                                               S  Carolina 
   23  Hydrophid                              Oriental  Australian  
                                               Madagascar 
   24  Crotalid                               Nearctic  Pal  arctic  Oriental 
                                             
  LACERTILIA                                 
   27  Chirotid                               Missouri 
   28  Amphisb  nid                            Ethiopian  S  Pal  arctic 
   29  Lepidosternid                          Ethiopian 
   31   Helodermid                            
   32  Teid                                   Nearctic 
   34  Zonurid                                Nearctic  Ethiopian  
                                               S  Europe  and N  India 
   35   Chalcid                               Nearctic 
   36   Anadiad                               
   37   Chirocolid                            
   38   Iphisad                               
   39   Cercosaurid                           
   41  Gymnopthalmid                          Australian  Ethiopian  
                                               Pal  arctic 
   45  Scincid                                Almost cosmopolite 
   49  Geckotid                               Almost cosmopolite 
   50  Iguanid                                Nearctic 
                                             
  CROCODILIA                                 
   55  Crocodilid                             Ethiopian  Oriental  
                                               N  Australian 
   56  Alligatorid                            Nearctic 
                                             
  CHELONIA                                   
   57  Testudinid                             All continents but Australian 
   58  Chelydid                               Ethiopian  Australian 
   60  Cheloniid                              Marine 
                                             
  AMPHIBIA                                   
  PSEUDOPHIDIA                               
    1  Ceciliad                               Oriental  Ethiopian 
                                             
  URODELA                                    
    6   Salamandrid                           Nearctic  Pal  arctic 
                                             
  ANOURA                                     
    7   Rhinophrynid                          
    8  Phryniscid                             Ethiopian  Australian  Java 
    9   Hylaplesid                            
   10  Bufonid                                All continents but Australia 
   12  Engystomid                             All regions but Pal  arctic 
   13  Bombinatorid                           Pal  arctic  New Zealand 
   14   Plectromantid                         
   15  Alytid                                 All regions but Oriental 
   16  Pelodryad                              Australia 
   17  Hylid                                  All regions but Ethiopian 
   18  Polypedatid                            All the regions 
   19  Ranid                                  Almost cosmopolite 
   20  Discoglossid                           All regions but Nearctic 
   21   Pipid                                 
                                             
  FISHES                                     
   FRESHWATER                                
  ACANTHOPTERYGII                            
    3  Percid                                 All regions but Australian 
   11   Trachinid                             Australia 
   12  Scienid                                All regions but Australian 
   33  Nandid                                 Oriental 
   34   Polycentrid                           
   38  Mugillid                               Australian  Ethiopian 
   52  Chromid                                Ethiopian  Oriental 
                                             
  PHYSOSTOMI                                 
   59  Silurid                                All warm regions 
   60  Characinid                             Ethiopian 
   61  Haplochitonid                          S  Australia 
   67  Galaxid                                Tasmania and New Zealand 
   73  Cyprinodontid                          Absent from Australia 
   78  Osteoglossid                           All tropical regions 
   84   Gymnotid                              
   85  Symbranchid                            Oriental  Australian  
                                                   marine  
                                             
  DIPNOI                                     
   92  Sirenoidei                            Ethiopian  Australian 
                                             
  PLAGIOSTOMATA                              
  112   Trygonid                              
                                             
  INSECTS                                    
  LEPIDOPTERA  PART                          
  DIURNI  BUTTERFLIES                        
   1  Danaid                                  All warm regions  and to 
                                               Canada 
   2  Satyrid                                 Cosmopolite 
   4  Morphid                                 Australian  Oriental 
   5   Brassolid                              
   6  Acr  id                                  All tropical regions 
   7   Heliconiid                             
   8  Nymphalid                               Cosmopolite 
   9  Libytheid                               Absent from Australia 
  10  Nemeobiid                               Not in Australia or Nearctic 
                                               regions 
  11   Eurygonid                              
  12  Erycinid                                Nearctic 
  13  Lyc  nid                                 Cosmopolite 
  14  Pierid                                  Cosmopolite 
  15  Papilionid                              Cosmopolite 
  16  Hesperid                                Cosmopolite 
                                             
  SPHINGIDEA                                 
   17  Zyg  nid                                Cosmopolite 
   18  Castniid                               Australian 
   20  Uraniid                                All tropical regions 
   21  Stygiid                                Pal  arctic 
   22    geriid                                Not in Australia 
   23  Sphingid                               Cosmopolite 
                                                                            
 
 91 TABLE II  
 
 GENERA OF TERRESTRIAL MAMMALIA AND BIRDS INHABITING THE NEOTROPICAL 
REGION   
 
EXPLANATION  
 
  Names in  italics  show the genera peculiar to the region  
 
  Names enclosed thus          indicate genera which barely enter the 
  region  and are not considered properly to belong to it  
 
  Genera undoubtedly belonging to the region are numbered consecutively  
 
 
   MAMMALIA   
 
                                                                            
  Order  Family  and   No  of      Range within           Range beyond 
    Genus             Species       the Region             the Region  
                                                                            
                                                      
  PRIMATES                                            
  CEBID                                                
  1   Cebus              18    Costa Rica to          
                                 Paraguay             
  2   Lagothrix           5    Upper Amazon and       
                                 E  Andes             
  3   Eriodes             3    East Brazil  S  of     
                                 Equator              
  4   Ateles             14    Almost all tropical    
                                 America              
  5   Mycetes            10    E  Guatemala to        
                                 Paraguay             
  6   Pithecia            7    Equatorial Forests     
  7   Brachiurus          5    Equatorial Forests     
  8   Nyctipithecus       5    Nicaragua to Amazonia  
  9   Saimiris            3    Costa Rica to Brazil   
                                 and Bolivia          
  10   Callithrix        11    Panama to Paraguay     
                                                      
  HAPALID                                              
  11   Hapale             9    Brazil and Upper       
                                 Amazon               
  12   Midas             24    Equatorial America     
                                 to Panama            
                                                      
  CHIROPTERA                                          
  PHYLLOSTOMID                                         
  13   Lonchorina         1    West Indian Islands    
  14   Macrophyllum       1    Brazil                 
  15   Vampyrus                                       
  16   Lophostoma        25    Tropical America and   
                                 Chili                
  17   Phyllostoma                                    
  18  Macrotus            1    Antilles and Mexico    California 
  19   Schizostoma        5    South America          
  20   Brachyphylla       1    Antilles               
  21   Glossophaga        8    Tropical America       
  22  Phyllonycteris      2    Cuba                   
  23   Artibeus           4   S  America   Antilles   
                                 Costa Rica           
  24   Stenoderma         7    The whole region       
  25   Sturnira           3    Chili to Guatemala     
  26   Desmodus           3    Chili to Mexico        
  27   Saccopteryx        1    Ecuador                
  28   Diphylla           1    Brazil                 
  29   Centurio           3    Brazil to Mexico       
                                                      
  VESPERTILIONID                                       
  30  Lasiurus            2    Tropical America       Nearctic 
  31  Scotophilus         7    Antilles  Mexico to    Nearc   Austral   
                                 S  America             Orien  
  32  Vespertilio        12    The whole region       Cosmopolite 
  33  Nycticejus          3    S  Temperate America   Nearctic  India  
                                                        Tropical Africa 
  34   Natalus            1    S  America and         
                                 Antilles             
  35   Furipterus         2    S  America             
  36   Thyroptera         2    S  America             
  37   Nycticellus        1    Cuba                   
  38  Taphozous           5    S  America             Ethiopian  Oriental  
                                                        Austro Malayan 
  39   Diclidurus         1    Brazil                 
                                                      
  NOCTILIONID                                          
  40   Noctilio           2    Paraguay to W  Indies  
  41   Mormops            1    Antilles and Mexico    
  42   Phyllodia          1    Jamaica                
  43   Chilonycteris      5    Brazil and West        
                                 Indies               
  44   Pteronotus         1    Trinidad               
  45  Nyctinomus          2    La Plata to Antilles   S  Nearc   Orien   
                                   Costa Rica           Madag  
  46  Molossus           16    Paraguay and Chili     Ethiopian  S  
                                 to Antilles           Pal  arc   Australian 
                                                      
  INSECTIVORA                                         
  CENTETID                                             
  47   Solenodon          2    Cuba and Hayti         
                                                      
  SORICID                                              
       Sorex              1    Guatemala and Costa    All other reg  but 
                                 Rica                   Austrl  
                                                      
  CARNIVORA                                           
  FELID                                                
  48  Felis              13    The whole region       All regions but 
                                 excl  Antilles         Austral  
                                                      
  CANID                                                
  49   Icticyon           1    Brazil                 
  50   Chrysocyon         1    S  America             
       Lupus              2    Mexico to Costa Rica   Northern genus 
  51   Lycalopex          2    S  America             
  52   Pseudalopex        5    S  America  Falkland   
                                 Islands    Tierra    
                                 del Fuego            
  53   Thous              2    S  America to Chili    
                                                      
  MUSTELID                                             
  54  Mustela             2    Andes of Peru          All other reg  but 
                                                        Austrl  
  55   Galictis           2    S  America to Chili    
                                   Patagonia          
  56   Lontra             3   Central and S  America  
                               to Chonos Archipelago  
  57  Nutria              1    W  coast of America    W  coast of N  
                                to Chiloe               America 
  58   Pteronura          1    Surinam and Brazil     
  59  Mephitis            3    Mexico to Sts  of      Nearctic to Canada 
                                 Magellan             
                                                      
  PROCYONID                                            
  60  Procyon             1    Tropical America       Nearctic to Canada 
  61   Nasua              5    Mexico to Paraguay     
                                 La Plata             
  62   Cercoleptes        1    Mexico to Peru and     
                                 N  Brazil            
  63  Bassaris            2    Mexico and Guatemala   California and Texas 
                                                      
  URSID                                                
  64   Tremarctos         1    Andes of Peru and      
                                 Chili                
                                                      
  OTARIID                                              
  65   Otaria             1    Chili  La Plata  and   
                                 Patagonia            
  66  Arctocephalus       1    Falkland Islands       New Zealand 
                                 Cape Horn            
                                                      
  PHOCID                                               
  67  Stenorhynchus       1    Falkland Islands       New Zealand 
  68  Lobodon             1    Antarctic shores       
  69  Leptonyx            1    Antarctic shores       S  Australia 
                                 E  Patagonia         
  70  Ommatophoca         1    Antarctic shores       
  71  Morunga             1    Falkland Islands       California  S  temp  
                                                        zone 
  72  Cystophora          1    Antilles               N  Atlantic 
                                                      
  CETACEA                                             
  DELPHINID                                            
  73   Inia               1    Upper Amazon           
                                                      
  SIRENIA                                             
  MANATID                                              
  74  Manatus             1    Gulf of Mexico to N    W  Africa 
                                 Brazil  Amazon R     
                                                      
  UNGULATA                                            
  TAPIRID                                              
  75  Tapirus             2    Equatorial S  America  Indo Malaya 
  76   Elasmognathus      1    Panama to Guatemala    
                                                      
  SUID                                                 
  77   Dicotyles          2    Mexico to Paraguay     Texas 
                                                      
  CAMELID                                              
  78   Auchenia           4    Temp  S  America       
                                 from Cape Horn to    
                                 Andes of Peru        
                                                      
  CERVID                                               
  79  Cervus             12    Mexico to Patagonia    All regions but 
                                and Tierra del Fuego    Ethiopian and 
                                                        Australian 
                                                      
  RODENTIA                                            
  MURID                                                
  80  Reithrodon          4    South Temp  America    United States 
                                 to Tierra del Fuego  
  81   Acodon             1    Peru  14 000 ft        
                                 elevation            
  82   Myxomys            1    Guatemala              
  83  Hesperomys         76    The whole region       Nearctic 
  84   Holochilus         4    S  America             
  85   Oxymycterus        3    Brazil and La Plata    
  86   Drymomys           1    Peru                   
  87   Neotomys           2    S  America             
       Fiber              1    Mexico                 Nearctic genus 
                                                      
  SACCOMYID                                            
  88   Heteromys          6    Mexico  Honduras       
                               Costa Rica   Trinidad  
                                                      
                                                      
  SCIURID                                              
  89  Sciurus            30    Mexico to Paraguay     All reg  but 
                                                        Australian 
                                                      
  CHINCHILLID                                          
  90   Chinchilla         2    Andes of Chili and     
                                 Peru                 
  91   Lagidium           3    Chili to Ecuador       
                                  11 000 to           
                                   16 000 ft          
  92   Lagostomus         1    Uruguay to Rio Negro   
                                 of Patagonia         
                                                      
  OCTODONTID                                           
  93   Habrocomus         2    Chili                  
  94   Capromys           3    Cuba and Jamaica       
  95   Plagiodontia       1    Hayti                  
  96   Spalacopus         2    Chili and E  of Andes  
  97   Octodon            3    Chili  Peru  and       
                                 Bolivia              
  98   Ctenomys           6    S  Brazil to Tierra    
                                del Fuego             
                                                      
  ECHIMYID                                             
  99   Dactylomys         2    Guiana and Brazil      
  100   Cercomys          1    Central Brazil         
  101   Lasiuromys        1    St  Paulo  Brazil      
  102   Myopotamus        1    S  half of tropical    
                                 S  America           
  103   Carterodon        1    Central Brazil         
  104   Mesomys           1    Upper Amazon           
  105   Echimys          11    Equatorial America     
                                 to Paraguay          
  106   Loncheres        10    New Granada to Brazil  
                                                      
  CERCOLABID                                           
  107   Cercolabes       12    Mexico to Paraguay     
  108   Ch  tomys          1    N  Brazil              
                                                      
  CAVIID                                               
  109   Dasyprocta        9    Paraguay to Mexico     
                                 and Lesser Antilles  
  110   Coelogenys        2    Guatemala to Paraguay  
  111   Hydrochoerus      1    Guiana to La Plata     
  112   Cavia             9    Brazil and Peru to     
                                 Magellan Sts         
  113   Kerodon           6    Brazil and Peru to     
                                 Magellan Sts         
  114   Dolichotis        1    The Pampas and         
                                 Patagonia            
                                                      
  LEPORID                                              
  115  Lepus              1    Central Brazil and     All regions but 
                                 Andes  Costa Rica      Austral  
                                 to Mexico            
                                                      
  EDENTATA                                            
  BRADYPODID                                           
  116   Choloepus         2    Costa Rica to Brazil   
  117   Bradypus          2    Amazon to Rio de       
                                 Janeiro              
  118  Arctopithecus      8    Costa Rica to Brazil   
                                 and Bolivia          
                                                      
  DASYPODID                                            
  119   Tatusia           5    Rio Grande  Texas      
                                 to Patagonia         
  120   Prionodontes      1    Surinam to Paraguay    
  121   Dasypus           4    Brazil to Chili and    
                               La Plata  Costa Rica   
  122   Xenurus           3    Guiana to Paraguay     
                                 Costa Rica           
  123   Tolypeutes        2    Bolivia and La Plata   
  124  Chlamydophorus     2    La Plata and Bolivia   
                                                      
  MYRMECOPHAGID                                        
  125   Myrmecophaga      1    Costa Rica             
                                 N  Braz   to Parag   
  126   Tamandua          2    Guatemala to Paraguay  
  127   Cyclothurus       2    Honduras and Costa     
                                 Rica to Paraguay     
                                                      
  MARSUPIALIA                                         
  DIDELPHYID                                           
  128  Didelphys         20    Mexico to Uruguay      Temperate N  America 
                                 and S  Chili         
  129   Chironectes       1    Guiana and Brazil      
                                 Costa Rica           
  130   Hyracodon         1    Ecuador                
 
   BIRDS   
 
  PASSERES                                            
  TURDID                                               
    1  Turdus            32    The whole reg  to      Almost cosmopolite 
                                 Tierra del Fuego     
    2  Rhodinocichla      1    Mexico to Venezuela    
    3   Melanoptila       1    Honduras               
    4   Catharus         10    Mexico to Ecuador      
                                 and Columbia         
    5   Margarops         4    Hayti and Lesser       
                                 Antilles             
    6  Mimus             16    Nearly the whole       Nearctic 
                                 region               
    7   Melanotis         2    Mexico and Guatemala   
    8  Galeoscoptes       1    Mexico to Panama       Nearctic 
    9   Mimocichla        4    Cuba to Porto Rico     
       Harporhynchus      3    Mexico                 Nearctic genus 
   10  Cinclocerthia      3    Lesser Antilles        
   11  Ramphocinclus      1    Martinique and         
                                 St  Lucia            
                                                      
  SYLVIID                                              
   12   Myiadestes        8   Mexico and Antilles     N    W  of N  America 
                                to Peru and Bolivia   
   13   Cichlopsis        1    Brazil                 
        Sialia            2    Mexico and Guatemala   United States   
                                                        Canada 
   14  Regulus            2    Mexico and Guatemala   Nearctic  Pal  arctic 
   15  Polioptila         6    Mexico and Cuba to     Cen  and S  U  States 
                                Bolivia and La Plata  
                                                      
  CINCLID                                              
   16  Cinclus            4    Mexico to Venezuela    Nearctic  Pal  arctic 
                                  and Peru            
                                                      
  TROGLODYTID                                          
   17  Troglodytes        5    Mexico to Straits of   Nearctic  Pal  arctic 
                                 Magellan             
   18  Thryophilus       13    Mexico to Central      N  W  America 
                                 Brazil               
   19  Thryothorus       12    Mexico to S  Brazil    N  America 
   20  Cistothorus        3    Mexico to Chili and     N  America 
                                 Patagonia            
   21   Donacobius        2    Columbia to Brazil     
                                 and Bolivia          
   22  Campylorhynchus   18    Mexico to Brazil and   New Mexico 
                                 Bolivia              
   23   Cyphorhinus       5    Costa Rica to Peru     
   24  Microcerculus      5    Mexico to Peru         
   25   Henicorhina       2    Mexico to Peru         
        Salpinctes        1    Mexico and Guatemala   Nearctic genus 
        Catherpes         1    Mexico                 Gila and Colorado 
   26   Cinnicerthia      2    Columbia and Ecuador   
   27   Uropsila          1    Mexico                 
                                                      
  CERTHIID                                             
        Certhia           1    Mexico and Guatemala   North temperate genus 
                                                      
  SITTID                                               
        Sitta             2    Mexico                 North temperate genus 
                                                      
  PARID                                                
        Parus             1    Mexico                 Nearc   Pal  arc   
                                                        Orient  
        Lophophanes       2    Mexico                 North temperate genus 
        Psaltriparus      1    Mexico and Guatemala   Nearctic 
                                                      
  CORVID                                               
   28  Cyanocitta        16    Mexico to Peru and    Nearctic 
                                 Bolivia              
   29   Cyanocorax       12    Mexico to Paraguay     
                                 Jamaica              
   30   Calocitta         2    Mexico to Guatemala    
   31   Psilorhinus       3    Mexico to Costa Rica   
   32  Corvus             4    Mexico to Guatemala    Cosmop   excl  
                                 Cuba to Porto Rico     S  Amer  
                                                      
  COEREBID                                             
   33   Diglossa         14    Mexico to Guiana       
                                 Peru  and Bolivia    
   34   Diglossopis       1    Venezuela to Ecuador   
   35   Oreomanes         1    Ecuador                
   36   Conirostrum       6    Columbia to Bolivia    
   37   Hemidacnis        1    Columbia and Upper     
                                 Amazon               
   38   Dacnis           13    Costa Rica to Guiana   
                                   S  Brazil          
   39   Certhidea         2    Galapagos Islands      
   40   Chlorophanes      2    Brazil to Central      
                                 America  Cuba        
   41   Coereba           4    Mexico and Cuba to     
                                 Guiana and Brazil    
   42   Certhiola        10    Antilles to Ecuador    Florida 
                                 and Brazil           
   43   Glossiptila       1    Jamaica                
                                                      
  MNIOTILTID                                           
   44  Siurus             3    Mexico to Columbia     S    E  States   
                                 Antilles               Canada 
   45  Mniotilta          1    Columbia to Mexico     Eastern United States 
                                 and Antilles         
   46  Parula             5    Brazil and Ecuador     Eastern U  S    
                                 to Mexico              Canada 
   47  Protonotaria       1    Venezuela to Central   Florida to Ohio 
                                America and W  India  
   48  Helminthophaga     5    Mexico to Columbia     North America 
   49  Helmintherus       1    Mexico to Veragua      U  States to Canada 
   50  Perissoglossa      1    Cuba  Hayti  and       E  United States 
                                 Porto Rico           
   51  Dendroeca         25    Mexico   W  Indies to  All N  America 
                                 Ecuador and Chili    
   52   Oporornis         1    Guatemala to Panama    
   53  Geothlypis        10    Brazil to Mexico       All N  America 
   54  Setophaga         12    Mexico to Brazil       E  U  States   Canada 
   55   Cardellina        1    Guatemala and Mexico   
   56   Ergaticus         2    Guatemala and Mexico   
   57  Myiodioctes        3    Columbia to Mexico     U  States and Canada 
   58   Basileuterus     22    Mexico to Brazil       
   59  Icteria            1    Costa Rica to Mexico   E  and Central United 
                                                        States to Canada 
   60   Granatellus       3    Amazon to Mexico       
   61   Teretristis       2    Cuba                   
                                                      
  VIREONID                                             
   62  Vireosylvia        9    Venezuela to Mexico    All N  America 
                                   Antilles           
   63  Vireo             10    Mexico to Costa Rica   All United States 
                                   Antilles           
   64   Neochloe          1    Mexico                 
   65   Hylophilus       16    Brazil to Mexico       
   66   Laletes           1    Jamaica                
   67  Phoenicomanes      1    Jamaica                
   68   Vireolanius       4    Mexico to Amazon       
   69   Cychloris         9    Mexico to Paraguay     
                                                      
  AMPELID                                              
   70   Dulus             2    Hayti                  
       Ampelis            1    Mexico and Guatemala   N  temperate genus 
   71   Ptilogonys        2    Mexico to Costa Rica   
       Phainopepla        1    Mexico                 Gila and Lower 
                                                        Colorado 
                                                      
  HIRUNDINID                                           
   72  Hirundo            9    Mexico and Antilles    Almost cosmopolite 
                                 to Chili and         
                                 La Plata             
   73  Petrochelidon      3    Mexico and Antilles    Nearctic 
                                 to Paraguay          
   74   Atticora          6    Guatemala to Peru      
                                 and Brazil           
   75  Cotyle             2    Central America to     All regions but 
                                 La Plata               Austral  
   76  Stelgidopteryx     4    Mexico to Brazil       S  United States 
   77  Progne             4    The whole region       Nearctic 
                                                      
  ICTERID                                              
   78   Clypeicterus      1    Upper Amazon           
   79   Ostinops          8    Mexico to Guiana       
                                 Brazil  and Bolivia  
   80   Cassiculus        1    Mexico                 
   81   Cassicus         10    Mexico to S  Brazil    
                                 and Bolivia          
   82  Icterus           33    Mexico to Antilles     All U  States   
                                 and La Plata           Canada 
   83  Dolichonyx         1    Mexico to Paraguay     E  U  States and 
                                 Galapagos              Canada 
   84  Molothrus          8    Mexico to La Plata     All U  States   
                                 and Bolivia            Canada 
   85  Agel  us            6    Mexico to Paraguay     All U  States   
                                 Cuba  Porto Rico       Canada 
       Xanthocephalus     1    Mexico                 Nearctic genus 
   86   Xanthosomus       4    Venezuela to La Plata  
   87  Amblyrhamphus      1    Bolivia and La Plata   
   88  Gymnomystax        1    Guiana and Amazonia    
   89  Pseudoleistes      2    Brazil and La Plata    
   90   Leistes           3    Venezuela to Paraguay  
                                    Bolivia           
   91  Sturnella          4    Cuba and Mexico to     All U  States   
                                 Chili  Falkland        Canada 
                                 Islands   Tierra     
                                 del Fuego            
   92   Curoeus           1    Chili to Magellan      
                                 Straits              
   93   Nesopsar          1    Jamaica                
        Scolecophagus     1    Mexico  Cuba           Nearctic genus 
   94   Lampropsar        4    Guatemala to Peru      
                                 and Guiana           
   95  Quiscalus          9    Mexico to Antilles     S  and E  United 
                                 Venezuela              States to Labrador 
   96   Hypopyrrhus       1    Columbia               
   97   Aphobus           1    Brazil Paraguay and    
                                 Bolivia              
   98   Cassidix          1    Mexico to Brazil and   
                                Guiana                
                                                      
  TANAGRID                                             
   99   Procnias          2    Brazil and Peru to     
                                 Columbia             
  100   Chlorophonia      7    Brazil to Mexico       
  101   Euphonia         32    Mexico and W  Indies   
                               to Brazil and Bolivia  
                                                      
  102   Tanagrella        4    Columbia to Guiana     
                                 and Brazil           
  103   Chlorochrysa      2    Columbia to Peru       
  104   Pipridea          2    Venezuela to Brazil    
                                 and Bolivia          
  105   Diva              1    Columbia and Ecuador   
  106   Calliste         56    Guatemala to Bolivia   
                                   Paraguay           
  107   Iridornis         4    Columbia to Peru       
  108  Poecilothraupis    4   Columbia to Bolivia     
  109  Stephanophorus     1    Brazil and La Plata    
  110   Buthraupis        5    Veragua to Bolivia     
  111   Compsocoma        5    Columbia to Bolivia    
  112   Dubusia           2    Columbia and Ecuador   
  113   Tanagra          12    Mexico to Bolivia and  
                                 La Plata             
  114   Spindalis         5    Porto Rico to Bahamas  
  115  Rhamphocoelus     11    Guatemala to Brazil    
                                 and Bolivia          
  116  Phlogothraupis     1    Mexico to Costa Rica   
  117   Euch  tes          1    Eastern Ecuador        
  118   Pyranga          11    Mexico to Bolivia and  U  States and Canada 
                                 Paraguay             
  119   Orthogonys        2    Brazil and Guiana      
  120   Lamprotes         2    Brazil and Columbia    
  121  Ph  nicothraupis    7    Mexico to Paraguay     
                                 and Bolivia          
  122   Lanio             4    Mexico to Bolivia      
  123   Eucometis         5    Costa Rica to Bolivia  
  124  Trichothraupis     1    S  Brazil and Paraguay 
  125   Creurgops         1    West Ecuador           
  126   Tachyphonus      11    Nicaragua to Paraguay  
  127   Cypsnagra         1    S  Brazil and Bolivia  
  128   Nemosia          11   Venezuela  W  Ecuador   
                                to Brazil and         
                                Bolivia               
  129   Pyrrhocoma        1    S  Brazil and Paraguay 
  130  Chlorospingus     18    Mexico to Peru and     
                                 Bolivia              
  131   Buarremon        20    Mexico to S  Brazil    
                                 and Bolivia          
  132  Ph  nicophilus      1    Hayti                  
  133   Arremon          12    Mexico to S  Brazil    
  134   Oreothraupis      1    East Ecuador           
  135   Cissopis          3    Columbia to Peru and   
                                 Bolivia              
  136   Lamprospiza       1    Guiana                 
  137   Psittospiza       2    Columbia to Peru       
  138   Saltator         17    Mexico to La Plata     
                                 and Bolivia          
  139   Diucopis          2    Upper Amazon and       
                                 S  Brazil            
  140   Orchesticus       3    Tropical S  America    
  141   Pitylus           8    Mexico to Brazil and   
                                 Ecuador              
                                                      
  FRINGILLID                                           
  142  Chrysomitris      12    Mexico to Brazil       Nearctic  Pal  arctic 
                                 Chili and Patagonia  
  143   Sycalis           9    Mexico to Chili and    
                                 La Plata  Jamaica    
  144  Coccothraustes     2    Mexico and Guatemala   Nearctic  Pal  arctic 
  145   Geospiza          7    Galapagos Islands      
  146   Camarhynchus      5    Galapagos Islands      
  147   Cactornis         4    Galapagos Islands      
  148   Phrygilus        10    Columbia to Fuegia and 
                                 Falkland Islands     
  149   Xenospingus       1    Peru                   
  150   Diuca             3    Peru  Chili  and       
                                 Patagonia            
  151   Emberizoides      3    Venezuela to Paraguay  
  152   Donacospiza       1   S  Brazil and La Plata  
  153   Cham  ospiza       1    Mexico                 
  154  Embernagra         9    Mexico to La Plata     Rocky Mountains 
  155   H  mophila         6    Mexico to Costa Rica   
  156  Atlapetes          1    Mexico                 Nearctic  
  157   Pyrgisoma         5    Mexico to Costa Rica   
  158  Pipilo             4    Mexico to Guatemala    All Nearctic region 
  159  Junco              2    Mexico and Guatemala   United States 
  160  Zonotrichia        5    Mexico to Straits of   Nearctic 
                                 Magellan             
        Melospiza         2    Mexico and Guatemala   Nearctic genus 
        Spizella          3    Mexico and Guatemala   Nearctic genus 
        Passerculus       1    Mexico and Guatemala   Nearctic genus 
        Pooecetes         1    Mexico                 Nearctic genus 
  161  Ammodramus         1    Guatemala              Nearctic 
  162  Coturniculus       4    Mexico to Bolivia      E    N  of N  America 
                                 Jamaica              
  163  Peuc  a             4    Mexico                 S  E  States   
                                                        California 
  164   Tiaris            1    Brazil                 
  165   Volatinia         1    Mexico to Brazil       
        Cyanospiza        4    Mexico and Central     Nearctic 
                                 America              
  166   Paroaria          6    Trop  S  America       
                                 E  of Andes          
  167  Coryphospingus     4    Tropical S  America    
  168  Porphyrospiza      1    Brazil                 
  169   Haplospiza        2    Mexico and Brazil      
  170   Phonipara         5    Mexico to Columbia     
                                 Greater Antilles     
  171  Poospiza          12    Mexico to Bolivia and  W    Central 
                                 La Plata               U  States 
  172   Spodiornis        1    Ecuador                
        Carpodacus        2    Mexico                 Nearctic  Pal  arctic 
  173  Cardinalis         2    Mexico to Venezuela    S    S  Cent  
                                                        U  States 
  174  Guiraca            6    Mexico to Brazil and   Southern U  States 
                                 La Plata             
  175   Amaurospiza       2    Costa Rica and Brazil  
  176  Hedymeles          2    Mexico to Columbia     Nearctic 
  177   Pheucticus        5    Mexico to Peru and     
                                 Bolivia              
  178   Oryzoborus        6    Mexico to Ecuador and  
                                 S  Brazil            
  179   Melopyrrha        1    Cuba                   
  180   Loxigilla         4    Antilles               
  181   Spermophila      44    Mexico to Bolivia and  Texas 
                                 Uruguay              
  182   Catamenia         4    Columbia to Bolivia    
  183   Neorhynchus       1    W  Peru                
  184  Catamblyrhynchus   1    Columbia               
        Loxia             1    Mexico                 North temperate genus 
        Calamospiza       1    Mexico                 Arizona and Texas 
        Chondestes        1    Mexico                 W  and Cent  
                                                        U  States 
        Euspiza           1    Mexico to Columbia     S  E  U  States  
                                                        Pal  arc  
  185   Gubernatrix       1    Paraguay and La Plata  
        Plectrophanes     1    Mexico                 N  temp    Arctic 
                                                        genus 
                                                      
  ALAUDID                                              
  186  Otocorys           1    Mexico  Andes of       Nearc    Pal  arc  
                                 Columbia               genus 
                                                      
  MOTACILLID                                           
  187  Anthus             4    Mexico to Patagonia    Cosmopolite 
                                and Falkland Islands  
                                                      
  OXYRHAMPHID                                          
  187a   Oxyrhamphus      2    Brazil to Costa Rica   
                                                      
  TYRANNID                                             
  188   Conophaga        11    Columbia to Bolivia    
                                 and Brazil           
  189   Corythopis        2    Brazil and Guiana      
  190   Agriornis         5    Ecuador  Peru  and     
                                 Chili                
  191   Myiotheretes      3    Columbia to Ecuador    
                                 Patagonia            
  192   T  nioptepa        8    S  Brazil and Bolivia  
                                 to Patago            
  193   Ochthodioeta      1    Columbian Andes        
  194   Ochth  ca         17    Andes  Bolivia to      
                                 Columbia and         
                                 Venezuela            
  195  Sayornis           4    Mexico to Ecuador      E  United Sts  to 
                                                        Canada 
  196   Fluvicola         4    Guiana   W  Ecuador    
                                 to Brazil  and       
                                 Bolivia              
  197   Arundinicola      1    Tropical S  America    
  198   Alectorurus       2   S  Brazil and La Plata  
  199   Cybernetes        1    Brazil                 
  200   Sysopygis         1   S  Brazil and La Plata  
  201   Cnipolegus        9    Amazonia to Patagonia  
  202   Lichenops         1    Brazil and La Plata    
  203   Muscipipra        1    S  Brazil              
  204   Copurus           3    Costa Rica to          
                                 S  Brazil            
  205   Machetornis       1    Venezuela to Brazil    
  206  Muscisaxicola     11    Andes of Ecuador to    
                                 Chili and Patagonia  
  207   Centrites         2    Bolivia to Patagonia   
  208   Muscigralla       1    W  Ecuador             
  209  Platyrhynchus      7    Mexico to Brazil       
  210   Todirostrum      11    Tropical N  and        
                                 S  America           
  211   Oncosotma         2    Tropical N  America    
  212   Euscarthmus      12    Costa Rica to W        
                                 Ecuador  Brazil      
                                 and Bolivia          
  213   Orchilus          2    Costa Rica to Brazil   
                                 and Bolivia          
  214   Colopterus        2    Veragua to Columbia    
                                 and Guiana           
  215   Hemitriccus       1    Brazil                 
  216  Phylloscartes      1    Columbia to Brazil     
  217   Hapalocercus      3    Brazil to Chili and    
                                 La Plata             
  218   Habrura           1    Uruguay                
  219  Pogonotriccus      2    Brazil and Columbia    
  220   Leptotriccus      2    Brazil and Veragua     
  221   Stigmatura        2    Upper Amazon to        
                                 La Plata             
  222   Serphophaga       7    Columbia to Chili and  
                                 La Plata             
  223   An  retes          4    Columbia to Chili and  
                                La Plata  Magell      
                                Sts    Juan Fernand   
  224   Cyanotis          1    W  Peru to La Plata    
  225   Mionectes         4    Mexico to Brazil and   
                                 Bolivia              
  226   Leptopogon        6    Mexico to Peru and     
                                 Brazil               
  227   Capsiempis        1    Chiriqui to Brazil     
  228   Phyllomyias       5    Columbia to Brazil     
  229   Ornithion         4    Mexico to Brazil       
  230   Tyrannulus        3    Guatemala to Amazonia  
  231   Tyranniscus       9    Guatemala to E  Peru   
  232   Elainea          18    Mexico to Tierra del   
                                 Fuego  Antilles      
  233   Empidagra         1    Bolivia and La Plata   
  234   Legatus           2    Mexico to Brazil       
  235   Sublegatus        2    Venezuela and Lower    
                                 Amazon               
  236   Myiozetetes       8    Mexico to W  Peru and  
                                 Brazil               
  237  Rhynchocyclus     10    Mexico to W  Ecuador   
                                   Brazil             
  238   Conopias          3    Venezuela to Peru and  
                                 Brazil               
  239   Pitangus          7    Mexico to La Plata     
                                 Antilles             
  240   Sirystes          2    Panama to Brazil       
  241   Myiodynastes      6    Mexico to Bolivia and  
                                 Paraguay             
  242   Megarhynchus      1    Mexico to Brazil       
  243   Muscivora         5    Mexico to W  Ecuador   
                                   Brazil             
  244   Hirundinea        3    Columbia   Guiana to   
                                 Paraguay             
  245   Cnipodectes       1    Panama to W  Ecuador   
                                   Amazon             
  246   Myiobius         13    Mexico to W  Peru      
                                 Bolivia  and         
                                 La Plata             
  247   Pyrocephalus      3    Tropical N  and S      Gila and Rio Grande 
                                 America and          
                                 Galapagos Islands    
  248   Empidochanes      4    Venezuela to           
                                 S  Brazil            
  249   Mitrephorus       2    Mexico to Costa Rica   
  250  Empidonax         12    Mexico to Columbia     All N  America 
                                 Ecuador              
  251  Contopus          10    Mexico to Amazonia     N    E  of Rocky 
                                 Antilles               Mtns  
  252   Myiochanes        1    Amazonia and Brazil    
  253  Myiarchus         12    Mexico to W  Ecuador   East and West Coasts 
                                   Brazil  Galapagos    to  Canada 
                                 and Antilles         
  254   Blacicus          2    Cuba  Hayti  Jamaica   
        Empidias          1    Mexico                 Eastern United States 
  255   Empidonomus       1    Guiana and Brazil      
  256  Tyrannus          11    All tropical           All U  States to 
                                 sub regions            Canada 
  257   Milvulus          2    Tropical N  and S      Texas 
                                 America              
                                                      
  PIPRID                                               
  258   Piprites          4    Costa Rica to Brazil   
  259   Masius            2    Columbia and Ecuador   
  260   Chloropipo        1    Columbia               
  261   Xenopipo          1    Guiana and Columbia    
  262   Pipra            19   Trop  N  and S  America 
  263   Neopipo           1    Upper Amazon           
  264  Mach  ropterus      4    Columbia to Brazil     
  265   Ilicura           1    Brazil                 
  266   Chiroxiphia       5    Guatemala to Brazil    
  267   Metopia           1    Brazil                 
  268   Metopothrix       1    Upper Amazon           
  269  Chiromach  ris      6    Mexico to Ecuador and  
                                 Brazil               
  270   Hetoropelma      10    Mexico to Guiana and   
                                 Brazil               
  271   Heterocercus      2    Guiana and Upper       
                                 Amazon               
  272   Schiffornis       2   Upper Amazon and Brazil 
                                                      
  COTINGID                                             
  273   Tityra            6    Tropical N  and S      
                                 America              
  274   Hadrostomus       5    Mexico to W  Ecuador   
                                   Brazil  Jamaica    
  275   Pachyhamphus     11    Mexico to W  Ecuador   
                                   Brazil             
  276   Lathria           5    Mexico to Brazil       
  277   Aulia             3    Veragua to Brazil      
  278   Lipaugus          3    Guatemala to Brazil    
                                 and Guiana           
  279   Ptilochloris      2    Brazil                 
  280   Attila            8    Costa Rica to Brazil   
                                 and Guiana           
  281   Casiornis         2    S  Brazil to Paraguay  
  282   Rupicola          3    Guiana to W  Ecuador   
                                   Bolivia            
  283  Phoenicocercus     2    Guiana and Amazonia    
  284   Tijuca            1    Brazil                 
  285   Phibalura         1    Brazil                 
  286   Pipreola          7    Venezuela to Ecuador   
                                 and Peru             
  287   Ampelio           4    Columbia to Peru and   
                                 Brazil               
  288   Carpodectes       1    Nicaragua and Costa    
                                 Rica                 
  289   Helioch  ra        2    Columbia to Peru and   
                                 Bolivia              
  290   Cotinga           6    Guatemala to Peru and  
                                 Brazil               
  291   Xipholena         3    Guiana to Brazil       
  292   Iodopleura        3    Guiana to Brazil       
  293   Calyptura         1    Brazil                 
  294   Querula           1    Panama to Amazonia     
  295   H  matoderus       1   Guiana and Lower Amazon 
  296  Chasmorhynchus     4    Costa Rica to Guiana   
                                 and Brazil           
  297  Gymnocephalus      1    Guiana and Rio Negro   
  298   Gymnoderus        1   Guiana and Upper Amazon 
  299   Pyroderus         3    Venezuela to Brazil    
  300  Cephalopterus      3    Costa Rica to W        
                               Ecuador   Upr  Amazon  
                                                      
  PHYTOTOMID                                           
  301   Phytotoma         3    Bolivia  Chili  and    
                                 La Plata             
                                                      
  DENDROCOLAPTID                                       
  302   Geobates          1    South Brazil           
  303   Geositta          6    Peru to Chili and      
                                 Patagonia            
  304   Furnarius         9    Guiana   W  Ecuador    
                                 to La Plata          
  305   Clibanornis       1    S  Brazil              
  306   Upucerthia        4    Andes of Ecuador to    
                                 Chili and Patagonia  
  307   Cinclodes         5    Ecuador to Chili       
                                 Patagonia and        
                                 Tierra del Fuego     
  308   Henicornis        2    Patagonia              
  309   Lochmias          2    Venezuela and Brazil   
  310   Sclerurus         6    Mexico to Brazil       
  311   Oxyurus           2    Chili to Tierra del    
                                 Fuego  and           
                                 Masafuera Islands    
  312   Sylviortho        1    Chili                  
          rhynchus        1    Chili                  
  313   Phl  ocryptes      1    W  Peru to La Plata    
  314  Leptasthenura      5    Andes of Ecuador to    
                                Brazil and Patagonia  
  315   Synallaxis       55    The whole region       
                                  excl  Antilles      
  316   Coryphistera      1    La Plata               
  317   Anumbius          1    Paraguay and La Plata  
  318   Limnornis         1    Uruguay and La Plata   
  319  Placellodomus      4    Venezuela to Peru and  
                                 La Plata             
  320   Thripophaga       3    Brazil and Columbia    
  321  Pseudocolaptes     1    Columbia to Peru       
  322   Homorus           3    Brazil  Bolivia  and   
                                 La Plata             
  323   Thripadectes      1    Columbia               
  324   Ancistrops        1    Upper Amazon           
  325   Automolus         9    Mexico to Amazonia     
  326   Philydor         14   Tropical South America  
                                                      
  327   Heliobletus       1    Brazil                 
  328   Anabatoides       1    Brazil                 
  329   Anabazenops       5    Mexico to Brazil       
  330   Xenops            3    Trop  North and South  
                                 America              
  331   Sittasomus        3    Mexico to Ecuador and  
                                 Brazil               
  332   Margarornis       4    Costa Rica to Peru     
                                 and Bolivia          
  333  Glyphorhynchus     1    Trop  North and South  
                                 America              
  334   Pygarrhicus       1    Chili                  
  335   Dendrocincla     10    Mexico to Venezuela    
                                 and Brazil           
  336  Dendrocolaptes     7    Guatemala to Peru and  
                                 Brazil               
  337   Nasica            1    Guiana                 
  338   Drymornis         1    La Plata               
  339  Xiphocolaptes      5    Mexico to Bolivia and  
                                 Paraguay             
  340  Dendrexetastes     2    Guiana                 
  341   Dendrornis       14    Mexico  W  Ecuador     
                                 and Brazil           
  342   Dendroplex        2    Columbia   Venezuela   
                                 to Brazil            
  343   Picolaptes       14    Mexico to Bolivia and  
                                 La Plata             
  344  Xiphorhynchus      4    Veragua to Brazil      
                                                      
  FORMICARIID                                          
  345   Cymbilanius       1    Amazonia and Guiana    
  346   Batara            1    S  Brazil              
  347   Thamnophilus     47    Trop  North and South  
                                 America              
  348   Biatas            1    Brazil                 
  349   Thamnistes        2    Central America and    
                                 Ecuador              
  350   Pygoptila         2    Amazonia               
  351   Neoctantes        1    Amazonia               
  352   Clytoctantes      1    Eastern Ecuador        
  353   Dysithamnus      12    Mexico to Bolivia and  
                                 Brazil               
  354   Thamnomanes       2    Ecuador  Guiana  and   
                                 Brazil               
  355  Herpsilochmus      4    Venezuela to Brazil    
                                 and Bolivia          
  356   Myrmotherula     21    Tropical S  America    
  357   Formicivora      14    Trop  North and South  
                                 America              
  358   Terenura          3    Veragua to W  Ecuador  
                                   Brazil             
  359  Psilorhamphus      1    Central Brazil         
  360   Microbates        1    Cayenne                
  361   Rhamphoc  nus      4    Guatemala to Brazil    
  362   Cercomacra        9    Cen  America to W      
                                 Equador   S  Brazil  
  363   Pyriglena         4    Ecuador to Peru and    
                                 Brazil               
  364   Gymnocichla       2    Honduras to Panama     
  365   Percnostola       3   Guiana and Upper Amazon 
  366   Heterocnemis      3   Guiana and Upper Amazon 
  367   Myrmeciza        11   Veragua to W  Ecuador   
                                 Bolivia  and Brazil  
  368   Hypocnemis       15    Costa Rica to W        
                                 Ecuador   Brazil     
  369   Pithys            5    Nicaragua to Amazonia  
  370   Rhopoterpe        1    Guiana                 
  371   Phlogopsis        4    Nicaragua to Guiana    
                                 and Bolivia          
  372   Formicarius       9    Mexico to Brazil and   
                                 Bolivia              
  373   Pittasoma         1    Panama and Veragua     
  374   Cham  za           4    Columbia to Brazil     
  375   Grallaria        20    Mexico to W  Ecuador   
                                   Brazil             
  376   Grallaricula      5    Costa Rica to Ecuador  
                                                      
  PTEROPTOCHID                                         
  377   Scytalopus        8    Columbia   Brazil to   
                                 Chili and Tierra     
                                 del Fuego            
  378   Merulaxis         1    Central Brazil         
  379   Rhinocrypta       2    La Plata and           
                                 Patagonia            
  380   Liosceles         1    Madeira Valley         
  381   Pteroptochus      2    Chili and Chiloe       
  382   Hylactes          3    Chili                  
  383   Acropternis       1    Columbia and Ecuador   
  384   Triptorhinus      1    Chili                  
                                                      
  PICARI                                               
  PICID                                                
  385   Picumnus         14    Honduras to Brazil     
                                 and Bolivia          
  386  Picus              6    Mexico  Chili  La      All reg  but Austral  
                                Plata  and S              Ethiopian 
                                Patagonia             
        Sphyrapicus       1    Mexico and Guatemala   Nearctic genus 
  387  Campephilus       12    Mexico to Patagonia    Nearctic 
                                 Cuba                 
  388  Dryocopus          4    Mexico to S  Brazil    Pal  arctic 
  389   Celeus           15    Mexico and S  Brazil   
  390   Nesoceleus        1    Cuba                   
  391   Chrysoptilus      6    Tropical S  America    
  392  Centurus          10    Mexico to Venezuela    Nearctic 
                                 Antilles             
  393   Chloronerpes     35    Tropical America       
                                 Hayti                
  394  Xiphidiopicus      1    Cuba                   
  395  Melanerpes         9    Mexico to Brazil       Nearctic 
                                 Porto Rico           
  396   Leuconerpes       1    Brazil  Bolivia        
  397  Colaptes           7    Open country of trop   Nearctic 
                                 America  Greater     
                                 Antilles             
  398   Hypoxanthus       1    Venezuela and Ecuador  
                                                      
  MEGAL  MID                                            
  399   Capito           10    Costa Rica to Peru     
                                 and Guiana           
  400   Tetragonops       2    Costa Rica and         
                                 Ecuador              
                                                      
  RHAMPHASTID                                          
  401   Rhamphastos      12    All tropical America   
  402   Pteroglossus     16    Mexico to Guiana and   
                                 Brazil               
  403   Selenidera        7    Veragua to Brazil      
  404   Andigena          6   Columbia to W  Ecuador  
                                 Bolivia and Brazil   
  405  Aulacorhamphus    10    Mexico to Venezuela    
                                 and Bolivia          
                                                      
  CUCULID                                              
  406   Crotophaga        3    Tropical America and   Nearctic to 
                                 Antilles               Pennsylvania 
  407   Guira             1    Brazil and Paraguay    
  408   Neomorphus        4    Nicaragua to Brazil    
                                 and Upper Amazon     
  409   Geococcyx         1    Guatemala              Texas to Calfornia 
  410   Dromococcyx       2    Mexico to Brazil       
  411   Diplopterus       1    Mexico to Ecuador and  
                                 Brazil               
  412   Saurothera        4    Greater Antilles       
  413   Hyetornis         2    Jamaica and Hayti      
  414   Piaya             3    Mexico to W  Ecuador   
                                   Brazil             
  415   Morococcyx        1    Mexico to Costa Rica   
  416  Coccygus          10    Tropical America and   Nearctic 
                                 Antilles  Cocos      
                                 Islands              
                                                      
  BUCCONID                                             
  417   Bucco            21    Guatemala to Guiana    
                                Paraguay and Bolivia  
  418   Malacoptila      10    Guatemala to Guiana    
                                 W  Ecuador and       
                                 Bolivia              
  419   Nonnula           5    Columbia and Amazonia  
  420   Monasa            7    Costa Rica to Brazil   
  421   Chelidoptera      2    Columbia to Guiana     
                                 and Brazil           
  GALBRILID                                            
  422   Galbula           9    Guatemala to Brazil    
                                 and Bolivia          
  423   Urogalba          2   Guiana to Lower Amazon  
                                                      
  424   Brachygalba       4    Columbia to Brazil     
                                 and Bolivia          
  425  Jacamaralcyon      1    Brazil                 
  426   Jacamerops        2    Columbia to Amazonia   
  427  Galbalcyrhynchus   1    Upper Amazon           
                                                      
  TODID                                                
  428   Todus             5    Greater Antilles       
                                                      
  MOMOTID                                              
  429   Momotus          10    Mexico to W  Ecuador   
                                 Brazil and Bolivia   
  430   Urospatha         1   Costa Rica to Columbia  
  431  Baryphthengus      1    Brazil and Paraguay    
  432   Hylomanes         2    Mexico and Guatemala   
  433  Prionirhynchus     2    Guatemala to Upper     
                                 Amazon               
  434   Eumomota          1    Honduras to Chiriqui   
                                                      
  TROGONID                                             
  435   Prionoteles       1    Cuba                   
  436   Temnotrogon       1    Hayti                  
  437   Trogon           22    Mexico to W  Ecuador   
                                   Parag              
  438   Euptilotis        1    Mexico                 
  439   Pharomacrus       5    Guatemala to Upper     
                                 Amazon and Bolivia   
                                                      
  ALCEDINID                                            
  440  Ceryle             8    Mexico to Brazil       Nearc   S  Pal  arc   
                                 Patagonia and Chili    Orien  
                                                      
  STEATORNITHID                                        
  441   Steatornis        1    Columb   Venezuela     
                                 Trinidad             
                                                      
  CAPRIMULGID                                          
  442   Nyctibius         6    Brazil to Guatemala    
                                   Jamaica            
  443   Hydropsalis       8    Columbia   Guiana to   
                                 La Plata             
  444  Antrostomus       10    Mexico and Cuba to     All U  States to 
                               Bolivia and  La Plata    Canada 
  445   Stenopsis         4   Martinique to Columb    
                                 W  Peru and Chili    
  446   Siphonorhis       1    Jamaica                
  447  Heleothreptus      1    Central Brazil         
  448   Nyctidromus       1    Central America to     
                                 S  Brazil            
  449   Podager           1    Tropical S  America    
  450   Lurocalis         2    Guiana to Brazil       
  451  Chordeiles         7    Mexico to W  Peru and  All U  States to 
                                 Brazil Jamaica and     Canada 
                                 Porto Rico           
  452   Nyctiprogne       1    Amazonia               
                                                      
  CYPSELID                                             
  453  Cypselus           3    Antilles to Guiana     The Eastern 
                                 and Bolivia            Hemisphere 
  454   Panyptila         3    Guatemala and Guiana   
  455  Ch  tura            9    Mexico to Ecuador and  Almost cosmopolite 
                                 Brazil               
  456   Hemiprocne        3    Mexico to La Plata     
                                 Jamaica and Hayti    
  457   Cypseloides       2    Brazil and Peru        
  458   Nephoecetes       1    Jamaica                
                                                      
  TROCHILID                                            
  459   Grypus            1    Brazil                 
  460   Androdon          1    Ecuador                
  461   Eutoxeres         2    Costa Rica to Ecuador  
  462   Glaucis           2    Panama to Brazil       
  463   Phaethornis      14    Tropical N  and        
                                 S  America           
  464   Pygmornis         8    Mexico to Guiana and   
                                 Brazil               
  465   Threnetes         4   Costa Rica to Amazonia  
                                 and W  Ecuador       
  466   Dolerisca         1    Venezuela              
  467   Eupetomena        1    Guiana to Brazil       
  468  Sphenoproctus      2    Mexico to Guatemala    
  469  Campylopterus      9    Mexico to Amazonia     
  470   Ph  ochroa         2    Guatemala to Columbia  
  471   Aphantochroa      3    Ecuador and Brazil     
  472   Urochroa          1    Ecuador                
  473   Sternoclyta       1    Venezuela              
  474   Eugenes           2    Mexico to Costa Rica   
  475   Coeligena         1    Mexico                 
  476   Lamprol  ma        1    Mexico and Guatemala   
  477   Delattria         2    Guatemala              
  478   Oreopyra          4   Costa Rica to Chiriqui  
  479   Heliop  dica       2    Mexico and Guatemala   
  480   Topaza            2    Guiana                 
  481  Oreotrochilus      6    Ecuador to Peru and    
                                 Chili                
  482   Lampornis         7    Mexico   W  India to   
                                 Amazonia             
  483   Eulampis          2    Lesser Antilles        
  484   Avocettula        1    Guiana                 
  485   Lafresnaya        2   Venezuela and Columbia  
  486   Doryphora         5    Costa Rica to Ecuador  
  487   Chalybura         5   Costa Rica to Columbia  
  488   Heliodoxa         5   Costa Rica to Venezue   
                                   Boliv              
  489   Iol  ma            2    Ecuador to Peru        
  490   Ph  ol  ma          2    Columbia and Ecuador   
  491   Eugenia           1    Ecuador                
  492   Aithurus          1    Jamaica                
  493   Thalurania       10    Costa Rica to Guiana   
                                 Ecuador and Brazil   
  494   Panoplites        3    Columbia and Ecuador   
  495   Florisuga         2    Guatemala to Brazil    
  496   Microchera        2    Nicaragua to Veragua   
  497   Lophorius         7    Mexico to Brazil       
                                 Peru    Bolivia      
  498   Polemistria       2    Columbia to S  Brazil  
  499   Discura           2    Brazil                 
  500   Gouldia           4    Costa Rica to Brazil   
                                   Bolivia            
  501  Trochilus          2    Mexico to Veragua      To Canada and Sitka 
  502   Mellisuga         1    Jamaica to Hayti       
  503   Calypte           3    Mexico and Cuba        
  504  Selasphorus        7    Mexico to Veragua      W    Cen  United 
                                                        States 
  505  Atthis             1    Mexico and Guatemala   California and 
                                                        Colorado 
  506   Stellula          1    Mexico                 
  507   Calothorax        2    Mexico                 
  508   Acestrura         3    Venezuela to Ecuador   
                                   Bolivia            
  509   Ch  tocercus       3    Venezuela and Ecuador  
  510   Myrtis            2    Ecuador to Bolivia     
                                 W  of Andes          
  511   Thaumastura       1    W  Peru                
  512   Rhodopis          2    W  Peru and Chili      
  513   Doricha           5    Mexico to Veragua      
                                 Bahamas              
  514   Tilmatura         1    Guatemala              
  515   Calliphlox        2    Ecuador and Brazil     
  516   Loddigesia        1    Peruvian Andes         
  517   Steganura         6    Venezuela to Ecuador   
                                   Bolivia            
  518   Lesbia            6    Columbia to Peru       
  519   Cynanthus         2    Venezuela to Ecuador   
  520   Sparganura        4    Columbia to Bolivia    
                                 La Plata             
  521   Pterophanes       1    Columbia to Peru       
  522   Agl  actis         4    Columbia to Bolivia    
  523   Oxypogon          2    Venezuela and Columbia              
  524   Oreonympha        1    Peru                   
  525  Rhamphomicron      6    Columbia to Bolivia    
  526   Urosticte         2    Ecuador                
  527   Metallura         6    Columbia to Bolivia    
  528   Adelomia          4    Venezuela to Peru      
                                  Bolivia             
  529   Avocettinus       1    Columbia               
  530   Anthocephala      1    Columbia               
  531   Chrysolampis      1    Venezuela to Brazil    
  532  Orthorhynchus      2    Lesser Antilles        
  533   Cephalolepis      3    Brazil                 
  534   Clais             1   Venezuela and Columbia  
  535   Baucis            1    Mexico to Veragua      
  536   Heliactin         1    Brazil                 
  537   Heliothrix        3    Guatemala to Ecuador   
                                   Brazil             
  538   Schistes          2    Columbia and Ecuador   
  539   Phlogophilus      1    Ecuador                
  540   Augastes          2    Brazil                 
  541   Petasophora       5    Mexico to Peru and     
                                 Brazil               
  542  Chrysobronchus     3    Venezuela to Brazil    
  543   Patagona          1    Ecuador to Bolivia     
                                 and Chili            
  544   Docimastes        1    Columbia and Ecuador   
  545   Helianthea        7    Columbia to Bolivia    
  546   Heliotrypha       2    Columbia and Ecuador   
  547   Heliangelus       6    Venezuela to Peru      
  548   Diphlog  na        3    Bolivia                
  549   Clytol  ma         2    E  Ecuador and Brazil  
  550   Bourcieria        5    Venezuela to Peru      
  551   Lampropygia       4    Venezuela to Bolivia   
  552   Heliomastes       5    Mexico to Ecuador      
                                 Venezuela            
  553   Lepidolarynx      1    Brazil                 
  554   Calliperidia      1    Central Brazil and     
                                 Paraguay             
  555   Eustephanus       3    Chili  S  Patagonia    
                                 and Juan Fernandez   
                                 Island               
  556   Eriocnemis       14    Venezuela to Ecuador   
  557   Cyanomyia         6    Mexico to Peru         
  558   Hemistilbon       1    Mexico                 
  559   Leucippus         2    Peru and Bolivia       
  560   Thaumatias       15    Mexico to Guiana       
                                 Upr  Amazon  and     
                                  Brazil              
  561   Amazilia         14    Mexico to W  Ecuador   
                                   Peru               
  562   Saucerottia       7    Costa Rica to Columb   
                                   Venezue            
  563   Eupherusa         3    Mexico to Veragua      
  564   Chrysuronia       5    Guatemala to Ecuador   
                                   La Plata           
  565   Eucephala         7    Venezuela to Guiana    
                                 and Brazil           
  566   Panterpe          1    Costa Rica and         
                                 Chiriqui             
  567   Juliamyia         2    Panama to Ecuador      
  568   Circe             3    Mexico                 
  569   Ph  optila         1    Mexico                 
  570   Damophila         1    Costa Rica to Ecuador  
  571   Hylocharis        3    Amazonia and Brazil    
  572   Sapphironia       2    Columbia and Veragua   
  573   Sporadinus        3    Cuba  Bahamas  Hayti   
                                 Porto Rico           
  574  Chlorostilbon      8    Mexico to Brazil and   
                                 La Plata             
  575   Panychlora        3   Venezuela and Columbia  
  576  Smaragdochrysis    1    Brazil                 
                                                      
  PSITTACI                                            
  CONURID                                              
  577   Ara              15    Trop  North and South  
                                 America  Cuba        
                                 Jamaica  extinct     
  578   Rhyncopsitta      1    Mexico                 
  579  Henicognathus      1    Chili                  
  580  Conurus           30    The whole region       S    S E  United 
                                                        States 
  581   Pyrrhura         16    Costa Rica to          
                                 Paraguay   Bolivia   
  582  Bolborhynchus      7    Mexico to Peru         
                                 Central Brazil  and  
                                 La Plata             
  583   Brotogerys        9    Trop  North and South  
                                 America              
                                                      
  PSITTACID                                            
  584   Caica             9    Mexico to Amazonia     
  585   Chrysotis        32    All the tropical       
                                 sub regions          
  586   Triclaria         1    Brazil                 
  587   Deroptyus         1    Guiana and Rio Negro   
  588   Pionus            9    Costa Rica to Bolivia  
                                 and Brazil           
  589   Urochroma         7    Venezuela to Brazil    
  590   Psittacula        6    Mexico to W  Ecuador   
                                   Brazil             
                                                      
  COLUMB                                               
  591  Columba           18   Trop  sub regions with  All regions but 
                                 Chili and La Plata     Austral  
  592  Zenaidura          2    Mexico to Veragua      Nearctic 
  593  Cham  pelia         6    Mexico to Brazil and   S  Nearctic 
                                 Bolivia              
  594   Columbula         2    Brazil and La Plata    
                                 to Chili             
  595   Scardafella       2    Guatemala and Brazil   
  596   Zenaida          10    Antilles and S         
                                 America to Chili     
                                 and La Plata         
  597  Melopelia          2    Mexico to Chili        South   West 
                                                        Nearctic 
  598   Peristera         4    Mexico to Brazil       
  599   Metriopelia       2    W  America from        
                                 Ecuador to Chili     
  600   Gymnopelia        1    West Peru and Bolivia  
  601   Leptoptila       11    Tropical sub regions   
  602   Geotrygon        14    Tropical sub regions   
  603   Starnoenas        1    Cuba                   
                                                      
  GALLIN                                               
  TETRAONID                                            
  604   Odontophorus     17    Trop  North and South  
                                 America              
  605   Dendrortyx        3    Mexico to Costa Rica   
  606  Cyrtonyx           3    Mexico to Guatemala    S  Central United 
                                                        States 
  607  Ortyx              5    Mexico to Costa Rica   Nearctic to Canada 
                                 Cuba                 
  608   Eupsychortyx      5    Mexico to Columbia     
                                 and Guiana           
        Callipepla        2    Mexico                 California 
                                                      
  PHASIANID                                            
  609  Meleagris          2    Mexico and Honduras    Nearctic 
                                                      
  CRACID                                               
  610   Crax              8    Mexico to Venezuela    
                                 S  Brazil            
  611   Nothocrax         1    Guiana and Upper       
                                 Amazon               
  612   Pauxi             1    Guiana and Venezuela   
  613   Mitua             2    Guiana to Peru         
  614   Stegnol  ma        1    Columbia and Ecuador   
  615   Penelope         13    Trop  North and South  
                                 America              
  616   Penelopina        1    Guatemala              
  617   Pipile            3    Venezuela to Brazil    
                                 and Peru             
  618  Aburria            1    Columbia               
  619   Cham  petes        2    Costa Rica to Peru     
  620   Ortalida         18    Trop  North and South  New Mexico 
                                 America              
  621   Oreophasis        1    Guatemala              
                                                      
  TINAMID                                              
  622   Tinamus           7    Trop  North and South  
                                 America              
  623   Nothocercus       3   Costa Rica to Venezue   
                                   Ecuador            
  624   Crypturus        16    Trop  North and South  
                                 America              
  625   Rhynchotus        2    Brazil to Bolivia and  
                                 La Plata             
  626   Nothoprocta       4    Ecuador to Bolivia     
                                 and Chili            
  627   Nothura           4    Brazil to Bolivia and  
                                 La Plata             
  628   Taoniscus         1    Brazil and Paraguay    
  629   Calodromas        1    La Plata               
  630   Tinamotis         1    Andes of Peru and      
                                 Bolivia              
                                                      
  OPISTHOCOMI                                         
  OPISTHOCOMID                                         
  631   Opisthocomus      1    Guiana and Lower       
                                 Amazon               
                                                      
  ACCIPITRES                                          
  VULTURID                                             
   CATHARTIN                                           
  632  Sarcorhamphus      2    The Andes and S  of    
                                 41   S  Lat           
  633   Cathartes         1    Mexico to 20   S  Lat   
  634  Catharista         1    Mexico to 40   S  Lat   S  United States 
  635  Pseudogryphis      3    Mexico to Falkland     United States 
                                 Ids   Cuba  Jamaica  
                                                      
  FALCONID                                             
  636  Polyborus          2    The whole region       California and 
                                                        Florida 
  637   Ibycter           8    Guatemala to Terra     
                                 del Fuego            
  638  Circus             3    Nearly the whole       Almost cosmopolite 
                                 region               
  639   Micrastur         7    Trop  North and South  
                                 America              
  640   Geranospiza       2    Trop  North and South  
                                 America              
  641  Antenor            1    Mexico to Chili and    California and Texas 
                                 La Plata             
  642  Astur              2    Trop  N  and S         Almost cosmopolite 
                                 America              
  643  Accipiter          9    The whole region       Almost cosmopolite 
  644  Heterospizias      1    Trop  S  America       
                                 E  of Andes          
  645  Tachytriorchis     2    Mexico to Paraguay     California 
  646  Buteo              9    Mexico to Patagonia    Almost cosmopolite 
  647   Buteola           1    Veragua to Amazonia    
  648  Asturina           7    Mexico to Bolivia and  S E  United States 
                                 La Plata             
  649   Busarellus        1    Brazil and Guiana      
  650   Buteogallus       1    Columbia and Guiana    
  651   Urubutinga       12    Mexico to Brazil and   
                                 Bolivia              
  652  Harpyhali  etus     1    Veragua to Chili       
                                 N  Patagonia         
  653   Morphnus          1    Panama to Amazonia     
  654   Thrasa  tus        1    Mexico to Bolivia and  
                                 Paraguay             
  655  Lophotriorchis     1    Bogota                 Indo Malaya 
  656   Spiziastur        1    Guatemala to Brazil    
  657  Spiza  tus          4    Mexico to Paraguay     Africa  India  Malaya 
  658  Herpetotheres      1    S  Mexico to Bolivia   
                                   Paraguay           
  659  Nauclerus          1    Mexico to Brazil       S  United States 
  660   Rostrhamus        3    Antilles to Brazil     Florida 
                                 and Peru             
  661   Leptodon          4    Central America to S   
                                 Brazil and Bolivia   
  662  Elanus             1    Mexico to Chili        Califor   Old World 
                                                        trop  
  663   Gampsonyx         1    Trinidad to Brazil     
  664   Harpagus          3    Central America to     
                                 Brazil   Peru        
  665   Ictinia           2    Mexico to Brazil       South United States 
  666   Spiziapteryx      1    La Plata               
  667  Falco              3    The whole region       Almost cosmopolite 
  668  Cerchneis          3    The whole region       Almost cosmopolite 
                                                      
  PANDIONID                                            
  669  Pandion            1    The whole region       Cosmopolite 
                                                      
  STRIGID                                              
  670  Glaucidium         6    The whole region       W  United Sts   
                                                        Pal  arc  
  671  Micrathene         1    Mexico                 Arizona  New Mexico 
  672  Pholeoptynx        1    The whole region       N  W  America   Texas 
  673  Bubo               1    The whole region       All regions but 
                                                        Austral  
  674  Scops              6    Mexico to Brazil and   Almost cosmopolite 
                                 La Plata             
  675   Gymnoglaux        2    West India Islands     
  676   Lophostrix        2    Guatemala to Lower     
                                 Amazon               
  677  Syrnium            3    Mexico to Patagonia    All regions but 
                                                        Austral  
  678   Ciccaba          10    Mexico to Peru and     
                                 Paraguay             
  679   Nyctalatinus      1    Columbia               
  680   Pulsatrix         2    Guatemala to Brazil    
                                 and Peru             
  681  Asio               2    The whole region       All regions but 
                                                        Austral  
  682   Nyctalops         1    Cuba and Mexico to     
                                 Brazil               
  683   Pseudoscops       1    Jamaica                
        Nyctale           1    Mexico                 N  Temperate genus 
  684  Strix              2    The whole region       Almost cosmopolite 
 
   Peculiar or very Characteristic Genera of Wading and Swimming Birds   
 
                                                      
  GRALL                                                
  RALLID                                               
  Aramides               23    The whole region       Nearctic 
   Heliornis              1    Tropical America       
                                                      
  SCOLOPACID                                           
  Eureunetes              3    The whole region       Nearctic 
                                                      
  CHIONIDID                                            
  Chionis                 2    Sts  of Magellan       Kerguelen s Island 
                                 Falkland Ids         
                                                      
  THINOCORID                                           
   Attagis                4    Andes to Fuegia and    
                                Falkland Islands      
   Thinocoris             2    Peru  Chili  and       
                                 La Plata             
                                                      
  CHARADRIID                                           
   Ph  gornis              1    Temperate S  America   
   Oreophilus             1    Temperate S  America   
   Pluvianellus           1    Temperate S  America   
   Aphriza                1   W  coast of S  America  W  coast of 
                                                        N  America 
                                                      
  CARIAMID                                             
   Cariama                2   S  Brazil and La Plata  
                                                      
  ARAMID                                               
   Aramus                 5    Mexico and Cuba to     
                                 Brazil               
                                                      
  PSOPHIID                                             
   Psophia                6    Equatorial S  America  
                                                      
  EURYPYGID                                            
   Eurypyga               2    Tropical America       
                                                      
  ARDEID                                               
   Tigrisoma              3    The whole region       
   Cancroma               1    Tropical S  America    
                                                      
  PALAMEDEID                                           
   Palamedea              1    Equatorial America     
   Chauna                 2    Columbia  Brazil  and  
                                 La Plata             
                                                      
  ANSERES                                             
  ANATID                                               
   Cairina                1    Tropical S  America    
   Merganetta             3    Andes                  
   Micropterus            1    Temperate S  America   
                                                      
  SPHENISCID                                           
  Eudyptes                6     Temperate S  America  Antarctic shores 
  Aptenodytes             2     Falkland Islands      Antarctic shores 
                                                      
  STRUTHIONES                                         
  STRUTHIONID                                          
  685   Rhea              3    S  Temperate America   
 
 114 CHAPTER XV  
 
THE NEARCTIC REGION  
 
 
This region consists almost wholly of Temperate North America as defined by 
physical geographers  In area it is about equal to the Neotropical region  
It possesses a vast mountain range traversing its entire length from north 
to south  comparable with  and in fact a continuation of  the Andes   and a 
smaller range near the east coast  equally comparable with the mountains of 
Brazil and Guiana  These mountains supply its great river system of the 
Mississippi  second only to that of the Amazon  and in its vast group of 
fresh water lakes or inland seas  it possesses a feature unmatched by any 
other region  except perhaps by the Ethiopian  It possesses every variety 
of climate between arctic and tropical  extensive forests and vast 
prairies  a greatly varied surface and a rich and beautiful flora  But 
these great advantages are somewhat neutralized by other physical features  
It extends far towards the north  and there it reaches its greatest width  
while in its southern and warmest portion it suddenly narrows  The northern 
mass of land causes its isothermal lines to bend southwards  and its winter 
temperature especially  is far lower than at corresponding latitudes in 
Europe  This diminishes the available area for supporting animal life  the 
amount and character of which must be  to a great extent  determined by the 
nature of the least favourable part of the year  Again  owing to the 
position of its mountain ranges and the direction of prevalent winds  a 
large extent of its interior  east of the Rocky Mountains  is bare and 
arid  and often almost desert  while the most favoured districts   those 
east of the Mississippi and west of the Sierra Nevada  bear but a small 
proportion to its whole area  Again  we know that at a very recent period 
geologically  it was subjected to a very severe Glacial epoch  which 
wrapped a full half of it in a mantle of ice  and exterminated a large 
number of animals which previously inhabited it  Taking all this into 
account  we need not be surprised to find the Nearctic region somewhat less 
rich and varied in its forms of life than the Pal  arctic or the Australian 
regions  with which alone it can fairly be compared  The wonder rather is 
that it should be so little inferior to them in this respect  and that it 
should possess such a variety of groups  and such a multitude of forms  in 
every class of animals  
 
 
 Illustration  NEARCTIC REGION  
 
 115  Zoological characteristics of the Nearctic Region    Temperate North 
America possesses representatives of 26 families of Mammalia  48 of Birds  
18 of Reptiles  11 of Amphibia  and 18 of Fresh water Fish  The first three 
numbers are considerably less than the corresponding numbers for the 
Pal  arctic region  while the last two are greater  in the case of fishes 
materially so  a circumstance readily explained by the wonderful group of 
fresh water lakes and the noble southward flowing river system of the 
Mississippi  to which the Pal  arctic region has nothing comparable  But 
although somewhat deficient in the total number of its families  this 
region possesses its full proportion of peculiar and characteristic family 
and generic forms  No less than 13 families or sub families of Vertebrata 
are confined to it  or just enter the adjacent Neotropical region  These 
are   three of mammalia  Antilocaprin    Saccomyid   and Haploodontid    one 
of birds  Cham  id    one of reptiles  Chirotid    two of amphibia  Sirenid   
and Amphiumid    and the remaining six of fresh water fishes  The number of 
peculiar or characteristic genera is perhaps more important for our 
purpose  and these are very considerable  as the following enumeration will 
show  
 
 Mammalia    Of the family of moles  Talpid    we have 3 peculiar genera  
 Condylura    Scapanus   and  Scalops   as well as the remarkable 
 Urotrichus   found only in California and Japan  In the weasel family 
 Mustelid    we have  Latax   a peculiar kind of otter   Taxidea   allied to 
the badgers  and one of the  116 remarkable and characteristic skunks is 
separated by Dr  J  E  Gray as a genus   Spilogale   In the American family 
Procyonid    a peculiar genus   Bassaris   is found in California and Texas  
extending south along the mountains of Mexico and Guatemala   Eumetopias   
and  Halicyon   are seals confined to the west coast of North America  The 
Bovid    or hollow horned ruminants  contain three peculiar forms  
 Antilocapra   the remarkable prong buck of the Rocky Mountains  
 Aplocerus   a goat like antelope  and  Ovibos   the musk sheep  confined 
to Arctic America and Greenland  Among the Rodents are many peculiar 
genera   Neotoma    Sigmodon   and  Fiber   belong to the Murid    or rats  
 Jaculus  to the Dipodid    or jerboas  The very distinct family 
 Saccomyid     or pouched rats  which have peculiar cheek pouches  or a kind 
of outer hairy mouth  consists of five genera all confined to this region  
with one of doubtful affinities in Trinidad and Central America  In the 
squirrel family  Sciurid      Cynomys   the prairie dogs  are peculiar  and 
 Tamias   the ground squirrel  is very characteristic  though found also in 
North Asia   Haploodon   or sewellels  consisting of two species  forms a 
distinct family  and  Erethizon  is a peculiar form of tree porcupine 
 Cercolabid     True mice and rats of the genus  Mus  are not indigenous to 
North America  their place being supplied by a distinct genus 
  Hesperomys    confined to the American continent  
 
 Birds    The genera of birds absolutely peculiar to the Nearctic region 
are not very numerous  because  there being no boundary but one of climate 
between it and the Neotropical region  most of its characteristic forms 
enter a short distance within the limits we are obliged to concede to the 
latter  Owing also to the severe winter climate of a large part of the 
region  which we know is a comparatively recent phenomenon   a large 
proportion of its birds migrate southwards  to pass the winter in the 
West Indian islands or Mexico  some going as far as Guatemala  and a few 
even to Venezuela  
 
In our chapter on extinct animals  we have shown  that there is good reason 
for believing that the existing union of North and South America is a quite 
recent occurrence  and that the  117 separation was effected by an arm of 
the sea across what is now Nicaragua  with perhaps another at Panama  This 
would leave Mexico and Guatemala joined to North America  and forming part 
of the Nearctic region  although no doubt containing many Neotropical 
forms  which they had received during earlier continental periods  and 
these countries might at other times have been made insular by a strait at 
the isthmus of Tehuantepec  and have then developed some peculiar species  
The latest climatal changes have tended to restrict these Neotropical forms 
to those parts where the climate is really tropical  and thus Mexico has 
attained its present strongly marked Neotropical character  although 
deficient in many of the most important groups of that region  
 
In view of these recent changes  it seems proper not to draw any decided 
line between the Nearctic and Neotropical regions  but rather to apply  in 
the case of each genus  a test which will show whether it was probably 
derived at a comparatively recent date from one region or the other  The 
test referred to  is the existence of peculiar species of the genus  in 
what are undoubtedly portions of ancient North or South America  If  for 
example  all the species of a genus occur in North America  some  or even 
all  of them  migrating into the Neotropical region in winter  while there 
are  no peculiar Neotropical species   then we must class that genus as 
strictly Nearctic  for if it were Neotropical it would certainly have 
developed  some  peculiar resident forms  Again  even if there should be 
one or two resident species peculiar to that part of Central America north 
of the ancient dividing strait  with an equal or greater number of species 
ranging over a large part of Temperate North America  the genus must still 
be considered Nearctic  Examples of the former case  are  Helminthophaga  
and  Myiodioctes   belonging to the Mniotiltid    or wood warblers  which 
range over  all  Temperate North America to Canada  where  all  the species 
are found  but in each case one of the species is found in South America  
probably as a winter migrant  Of the latter  are  Ammodramus  and  Junco  
 genera of finches   which range over the whole United States  but each 
have one peculiar species in Guatemala  These  118 may be claimed as 
exclusively Nearctic genera  on the ground that Guatemala was recently 
Nearctic  and is now really a transition territory  of which the lowlands 
have been invaded and taken exclusive possession of by a Neotropical fauna  
while the highlands are still  in part at least  occupied by Nearctic 
forms  
 
In his article on  Birds   in the new edition of the  Encyclop  dia 
Britannica   now publishing   Professor Newton points out  that the number 
of  peculiar genera  of Nearctic birds is much less than in each of the 
various sub divisions of the Neotropical region  and that the total number 
of genera is also less  while the bulk of them are common either to the 
Neotropical or Pal  arctic regions  This is undoubtedly the case if any 
fixed geographical boundary is taken  and it would thus seem that the 
 Nearctic  should  in birds  form a sub region only  But  if we define 
 Nearctic genera  as above indicated  we find a considerable amount of 
speciality  as the following list will show  The names not italicised are 
those which are represented in Mexico or Guatemala by peculiar species    
 
 
LIST OF TYPICAL NEARCTIC GENERA OF LAND BIRDS  
 
   1   Oreoscoptes  
   2   Harporhynchus  
   3   Sialia  
   4   Cham  a  
   5   Catherpes  
   6   Salpinctus  
   7   Psaltriparus  
   8   Auriparus  
   9   Gymnokitta  
  10   Picicorvus  
  11   Mniotilta  
  12   Oporornis  
  13   Icteria  
  14   Helmintherus  
  15   Helminthophaga  
  16   Myiodioctes  
  17   Ph  nopepla  
  18   Xanthocephalus  
  19   Scolecophagus  
  20  Pipilo 
  21  Junco 
  22   Melospiza  
  23  Spizella 
  24   Passerculus  
  25   Pooecetes  
  26  Ammodromus 
  27   Cyanospiza  
  28   Pyrrhuloxia  
  29   Calamospiza  
  30  Chondestes 
  31   Centronyx  
  32   Neocorys  
  33   Empidias  
  34   Sphyrapicus  
  35   Hylatomus  
  36   Trochilus  
  37   Atthis  
  38   Ectopistes  
  39   Centrocercus  
  40   Pedioc  tes  
  41   Cupidonia  
      Ortyx 
  42   Oreortyx  
  43   Lophortyx  
  44  Callipepla 
  45  Cyrtonyx 
  46  Meleagris 
  47   Micrathene  
 
The above are all groups which are either wholly Nearctic or typically so  
but entering more or less into the debatable ground of the Neotropical 
region  though none possess any peculiar species in the ancient Neotropical 
land south of Nicaragua  But we have  besides these  a number of genera 
which we are  119 accustomed to consider as typically European  or 
Pal  arctic  having representatives in North America  although in many cases 
it would be more correct to say that they are Nearctic genera  represented 
in Europe  since America possesses more species than Europe or North Asia  
The following is a list of genera which have as much right to be considered 
typically Nearctic as Pal  arctic    
 
   1  Regulus 
   2  Certhia 
   3  Sitta 
   4  Parus 
   5  Lophophanes 
   6  Lanius 
   7  Perisoreus 
   8  Pica 
   9  Corvus 
  10   Ampelis  
  11  Loxia 
  12  Pinicola 
  13  Linota 
  14   Passerelia  
  15   Leucosticte  
  16   Euspiza  
  17   Plectrophanes  
  18  Tetrao 
  19  Lagopus 
  20   Nyctala  
  21   Archibuteo  
  22  Hali  etus 
 
The seven genera italicized have a decided preponderance of Nearctic 
species  and have every right to be considered typically Nearctic  while 
the remainder are so well represented by peculiar species  that it is quite 
possible many of them may have originated here  rather than in the 
Pal  arctic region  all alike being quite foreign to the Neotropical  
 
On the whole  then  we have 47 in the first and 7 in the second table  
making 54 genera which we may fairly class as typically Nearctic  out of a 
total of 168 genera of land birds  or nearly one third of the whole  This 
is an amount of peculiarity which is comparable with that of either of the 
less isolated regions  and  combined with the more marked and more 
exclusively peculiar forms in the other orders of vertebrates  fully 
establishes Temperate North America as a region  distinct alike from the 
Neotropical and the Pal  arctic  
 
 Reptiles    Although temperate climates are always comparatively poor in 
reptiles  a considerable number of genera are peculiar to the Nearctic 
region  Of snakes  there are   Conophis    Chilomeniscus    Pituophis   and 
 Ischnognathus   belonging to the Colubrid     Farancia   and  Dimodes   
Homalopsid     Lichanotus   one of the Pythonid     Cenchris   
 Crotalophorus    Uropsophorus   and  Crotalus   belonging to the Crotalid   
or rattlesnakes  
 
Of Lizards   Chirotes   forming a peculiar family   Ophisaurus    120 the 
curious glass snake  belonging to the Zonurid    with  Phrynosoma   commonly 
called horned toads    Callisaurus    Uta    Euphryne    Uma   and 
 Holbrookia   genera of Iguanid    
 
Testudinid    or Tortoises  show a great development of the genus  Emys   
with  Aromochelys  and  Chelydra  as peculiar genera  
 
 Amphibia    In this class the Nearctic region is very rich  possessing 
representatives of nine of the families  of which two are peculiar to the 
region  and there are no less than fifteen peculiar genera   Siren  forms 
the family Sirenid     Menobranchus  belongs to the Proteid     Amphiuma  is 
the only representative of the Amphiumid    there are nine peculiar genera 
of Salamandrid    Among the tail less batrachians  frogs and toads  we have 
 Scaphiopus   belonging to the Alytid     Pseudacris  to the Hylid    and 
 Acris  to the Polypedatid    
 
 Fresh water Fishes    The Nearctic region possesses no less than five 
peculiar family types  and twenty four peculiar genera of this class  The 
families are Aphredoderid    consisting of a single species found in the 
Eastern States  Percopsid    founded on a species peculiar to Lake Superior  
Heteropygii  containing two genera peculiar to the Eastern States  
Hyodontid   and Amiid    each consisting of a single species  The genera are 
as follows   Paralabrax   found in California   Huro   peculiar to Lake 
Huron   Pileoma    Boleosoma    Bryttus  and  Pomotis  in the Eastern 
States  all belonging to the perch family   Hypodelus  and  Noturus   
belonging to the Silurid     Thaleichthys   one of the Salmonid   peculiar to 
the Columbia river   Moxostoma    Pimephales    Hyborhynchus   
 Rhinichthys   in the Eastern States   Ericymba    Exoglossum   
 Leucosomus   and  Carpiodes   more widely distributed   Cochlognathus   in 
Texas   Mylaphorodon  and  Orthodon   in California   Meda   in the river 
Gila  and  Acrochilus   in the Columbia river  all belonging to the 
Cyprinid     Scaphirhynchus   found only in the Mississippi and its 
tributaries  belongs to the sturgeon family  Accipenserid     
 
 Summary of Nearctic Vertebrata    The Nearctic region possesses 24 
peculiar genera of mammalia  49 of birds  21 of reptiles  and 29 of 
fresh water fishes  making 123 in all  Of these 70 are mammals and 
land birds  out of a total of 242  121 genera of these groups  a proportion 
of about two sevenths  This is the smallest proportion of peculiar genera 
we have found in any of the regions  but many of the genera are of such 
isolated and exceptional forms that they constitute separate families  so 
that we have no less than 12 families of vertebrata confined to the region  
The Pal  arctic region has only 3 peculiar families  and even the Oriental 
region only 12  so that  judged by this test  the Nearctic region is 
remarkably well characterized  We must also remember that  owing to the 
migration of many of its peculiar forms during the Glacial period  it has 
recently lost some of its speciality  and we should therefore give some 
weight to the many characteristic groups it possesses  which  though not 
quite peculiar to it  form important features in its fauna  and help to 
separate it from the other regions with which it has been thought to be 
closely allied  It is thus well distinguished from the Pal  arctic region by 
its Procyonid    or racoons   Hesperomys   or vesper mice  and  Didelphys   
or opossums  among Mammalia  by its Vireonid    or greenlets  Mniotiltid    
or wood warblers  Icterid    or hang nests  Tyrannid    or tyrant shrikes  
and Trochilid    or humming birds  among birds  families which  extending to 
its extreme northern limits must be held to be as truly characteristic of 
it as of the Neotropical region  by its Teid    Iguanid    and  Cinosternum   
among reptiles  and by its Silurid    and Lepidosteid    among fishes  From 
the Neotropical region it is still more clearly separated  by its numerous 
insectivora  by its bears  its Old World forms of ruminants  its beaver  
its numerous  Arvicol     or voles  its  Sciuropterus   or flying squirrels  
 Tamias   or ground squirrels  and  Lagomys   or marmots  among mammals  
its numerous Parid    or tits  and Tetraonid    or grouse  among birds  its 
Trionychid   among reptiles  its Proteid    and Salamandrid    among Amphibia  
and its Gasterosteid    Atherinid    Esocid    Umbrid    Accipenserid    and 
Polydontid    among fishes  
 
These characteristic features  taken in conjunction with the absolutely 
peculiar groups before enumerated  demonstrate that the Nearctic region 
cannot with propriety be combined with  122 any other  Though not very 
rich  and having many disadvantages of climate and of physical condition  
it is yet sufficiently well characterized in its zoological features to 
rank as one of the well marked primary divisions of the earth s surface  
 
There is one other consideration bearing on this question which should not 
be lost sight of  In establishing our regions we have depended wholly upon 
their  now  possessing a sufficient number and variety of animal forms  and 
a fair proportion of peculiar types  but when the validity of our 
conclusion on these grounds is disputed  we may supplement the evidence by 
an appeal to the past history of the region in question  In this case we 
find a remarkable support to our views  During the whole Tertiary period  
North America was  zoologically  far more strongly contrasted with South 
America than it is now  while  during the same long series of ages  it was 
always clearly separated from the Eastern hemisphere or the Pal  arctic 
region by the exclusive possession of important families and numerous 
genera of Mammalia  as shown by our summary of its extinct fauna in Chapter 
VII  Not only may we claim North America as now forming one of the great 
zoological regions  but as having continued to be one ever since the Eocene 
period  
 
 
 Insects   
 
In describing the Pal  arctic and Neotropical regions  many of the 
peculiarities of the insect fauna of this region have been incidentally 
referred to  and as a tolerably full account of the distribution of the 
several families is given in the Fourth Part of our work  Chapter XXI    we 
shall treat the subject very briefly here  
 
 Lepidoptera    The butterflies of the Nearctic region have lately been 
studied with much assiduity  and we are now able to form some idea of their 
nature and extent  Nearly 500 species belonging to about 100 genera have 
been described  showing that the region  which a few years ago was thought 
to be very poor in species of butterflies  is really much richer than 
Europe  and probably about as rich as the more extensive Pal  arctic region  
There is  however  very little speciality in the  123 forms  A considerable 
number of Neotropical types enter the southern States  but there are hardly 
any peculiar genera  except one of the Lyc  nid   and perhaps a few among the 
Hesperid    The most conspicuous feature of the region is its fine group of 
Papilios  belonging to types   P  turnus  and  P  troilus   which are 
characteristically Nearctic  It is also as rich as the Pal  arctic region in 
some genera which we are accustomed to consider as pre eminently European  
such as  Argynnis    Melit  a    Grapta    Chionabas   and a few others  
Still  we must acknowledge  that if we formed our conclusions from the 
butterflies alone  we could hardly separate the Nearctic from the 
Pal  arctic region  This identity probably dates from the Miocene period  
for when our existing arctic regions supported a luxuriant vegetation  
butterflies would have been plentiful  and as the cold came on  these would 
move southwards both in America and Europe  and  owing to the long 
continuance of the generic types of insects  would remain little modified 
till now  
 
 Coleoptera    Only a few indications can be given of the peculiarities of 
the Nearctic coleoptera  In Cicindelid   the region possesses  besides the 
cosmopolite  Cicindela   four other genera  two of which   Amblychile  and 
 Omus   are peculiar to the West Coast and the Rocky Mountains  Of Carabid   
it possesses  Dic  lus    Pasimachus    Eurytrichus    Sph  roderus   
 Pinacodera   and a number of smaller genera  altogether peculiar to it  
 Helluomorpha    Galerita    Callida   and  Tetragonoderus   in common with 
South America  and a large number of characteristic European forms  
 
The Lucanid   are all of European types  The region is poor in Cetoniid    
but has representatives of the South American  Euphoria   as well as of 
four European genera  Of Buprestid   it has the South American  Actenodes   
a single species of the Ethiopian and Eastern  Belionota   in California  
and about a dozen other genera of European and wide distribution  
 
Among Longicorns it possesses fifty nine peculiar genera  representatives 
of five Neotropical  and thirteen Pal  arctic genera  as well as many of 
wider distribution   Prionus  is the chief representative of the Prionid    
 Leptura  and  Crossidius  of the  124 Cerambycid     Leptostylus   
 Liopus    Graphidurus   and  Tetraopes   of the Lamiid    the latter genus 
being confined to the region  
 
 
 Terrestrial and Fluviatile Mollusca   
 
The land shells of temperate North America almost all belong to the 
Inoperculate or Pulmoniferous division  the Operculata being represented 
only by a few species of  Helicina  and  Truncatella   chiefly in the 
Southern States  According to Mr  Binney s recent  Catalogue of the 
Terrestrial Air breathing Mollusks of North America   the fauna consists of 
the following genera    Glandina   6 sp     Macrocyclis   5 sp     Zonites  
 37 sp     Vitrina   4 sp     Limax   5 sp     Arion   3 sp     Ariolimax  
 3 sp     Prophysaon   1 sp     Binneia   1 sp     Hemiphillia   1 sp    
 Patula   16 sp     Helix   80    Holospira   2 sp     Cylindrella   2 
sp     Macroceramus   2 sp     Bulimulus   8 sp     Cionella   2 sp    
 Stenogyra   4 sp     Pupa   19 sp     Strophia   1 sp     Vertigo   6 
sp     Liguus   1 sp     Orthalicus   2 sp     Punctum   1 sp     Succinea  
 26 sp     Tebennophorus   1 sp     Pallifera   1 sp     Veronicella   2 
sp    
 
All the larger genera range over the whole region  but the following have a 
more restricted distribution   Macrocyclis  has only one species in the 
East  the rest being Californian or Central   Ariolimax    Prophysaon   
 Binneia   and  Hemiphillia   are confined to the Western sub region  Lower 
California has affinities with Mexico  18 species being peculiar to it  of 
which two are true  Bulimi   a genus unknown in other parts of the region  
The Central or Rocky Mountain sub region is chiefly characterised by six 
peculiar species of  Patula   The Eastern sub region is by far the richest  
nine tenths of the whole number of species being found in it  The Alleghany 
Mountains form the richest portion of this sub region  possessing nearly 
half the total number of species  and at least 24 species found nowhere 
else  The southern States have also several peculiar species  but they are 
not so productive as the Alleghanies  The Canadian sub region possesses 32 
species  of which nearly half are northern forms more or less common to the 
whole Arctic regions  and several of this character have spread southwards 
all  125 over the United States  Species of  Vitrina    Zonites    Pupa   
and  Succinea   are found in Greenland  and Eastern Pal  arctic species of 
 Vitrina    Patula   and  Pupa  occur in Alaska  More than 30 species of 
shells living in the Eastern States  are found fossil in the Post Pliocene 
deposits of the Ohio and Mississippi  
 
 Fresh water Shells    North America surpasses every other part of the 
globe in the number and variety of its fresh water mollusca  both univalve 
and bivalve  The numbers up to 1866 were as follows   Melaniad    380 
species  Paludinid    58 species  Cycladid    44 species  and Unionid    552 
species  The last family had  however  increased to 832 species in 1874  
according to Dr  Isaac Lea  who has made them his special study  but it is 
probable that many of these are such as would be considered varieties by 
most conchologists  Many of the species of  Unio  are very large  of varied 
forms  and rich internal colouring  and the group forms a prominent feature 
of the Nearctic fauna  By far the larger proportion of the fresh water 
shells inhabit the Eastern or Alleghany sub region  and their great 
development is a powerful argument against any recent extensive submergence 
beneath the ocean of the lowlands of North America  
 
 
 The Nearctic Sub regions   
 
The sub divisions of the Nearctic region  although pretty clearly indicated 
by physical features and peculiarities of climate and vegetation  are by no 
means so strongly marked out in their zoology as we might expect  The same 
genera  as a rule  extend over the whole region  while the species of the 
several sub regions are in most cases different  Even the vast range of the 
Rocky Mountains has not been an effectual barrier against this wide 
dispersal of the same forms of life  and although some important groups are 
limited by it  these are exceptions to the rule  Even now  we find fertile 
valleys and plateaus of moderate elevation  penetrating the range on either 
side  and both to the north and south there are passes which can be freely 
traversed by most animals during the summer  Previous to the glacial epoch 
there was probably a warm period  when every part of the range supported an 
abundant and varied  126 fauna  which  when the cold period arrived  would 
descend to the lowlands  and people the country to the east  west  and 
south  with similar forms of life  
 
The first  and most important sub division we can make  consists of the 
Eastern United States  extending across the Mississippi and the more 
fertile prairies  to about the 100  th  meridian of west longitude  where 
the arid and almost desert country commences  Southwards  the boundary 
bends towards the coast  near the line of the Brazos or Colorado rivers  To 
the north the limits are undefined  but as a considerable number of species 
and genera occur in the United States but not in Canada  it will be 
convenient to draw the line somewhere near the boundary of the two 
countries  except that the district between lakes Huron and Ontario  and 
probably Nova Scotia  may be included in the present sub region  As far 
west as the Mississippi  this was originally a vast forest country  and it 
is still well wooded  and clothed with a varied and luxuriant vegetation  
 
The next  or Central sub region  consists of the dry  elevated  and often 
arid district of the Rocky Mountains  with its great plateaus  and the 
barren plains of its eastern slope  extending northwards to near the 
commencement of the great forests north of the Saskatchewan  and southward 
to the Rio Grande del Norte  the Gulf of California  and to Cape St  Lucas  
as shown on our maps  This sub region is of an essentially desert 
character  although the higher valleys of the Rocky Mountains are often 
well wooded  and in these are found some northern and some western types  
 
The third  or Californian sub region  is small  but very luxuriant  
occupying the comparatively narrow strip of country between the Sierra 
Nevada and the Pacific  To the north it may include Vancouver s Island and 
the southern part of British Columbia  while to the south it extends to the 
head of the Gulf of California  
 
The fourth division  comprises the remainder of North America  and is a 
country of pine forests  and of barren wastes towards the Arctic Ocean  It 
has fewer peculiar species to characterise it than any other  but it 
possesses several characteristic arctic  127 forms  while many of those 
peculiar to the south are absent  so that it is a very convenient  if it 
should not be considered an altogether natural  sub region  
 
We will now give an outline of the most important zoological features of 
each of these divisions  taking them in the order in which they are 
arranged in the Fourth Part of this work  California comes first  as it has 
some tropical forms not found elsewhere  and thus forms a transition from 
the Neotropical region  
 
 
 I  The Western or Californian Sub region   
 
This small district possesses a fruitful soil and a highly favourable 
climate  and is  in proportion to its extent  perhaps the richest portion 
of the continent  both zoologically and botanically  Its winters are far 
milder than those of the Eastern States in corresponding latitudes  and 
this  perhaps  has enabled it to support several tropical forms which give 
a special character to its fauna  It is here only  in the whole region  
that bats of the families Phyllostomid   and Noctilionid    and a serpent of 
the tropical family  Pythonid    are found  as well as several Neotropical 
forms of birds and reptiles  
 
 Mammalia    The following genera are not found in any other part of the 
Nearctic region   Macrotus   Phyllostomid     one species in California  
 Antrozous   Vespertilionid     one species on the West Coast   Urotrichus  
 Talpid    one species in British Columbia  sub genus  Nesorex   Soricid     
one species in Oregon   Bassaris   Procyonid     California   Enhydra  
 Mustelid     Pacific Coast   Morunga   Phocid     California   Haploodon  
 Haploodontid    a rat like animal  allied to the beavers and marmots  and 
constituting a peculiar family found only in California and British 
Columbia  The following characteristic Nearctic forms also extend into this 
sub region    Taxidea    Procyon    Didelphys    Sciuropterus    Tamias   
 Spermophilus    Dipodomys    Perognathus    Jaculus   
 
 Birds    Few genera of birds are quite peculiar to this sub region  since 
most of the Western forms extend into the central district  yet it has a 
few   Glaucidium   a genus of Owls  is confined  128  in the Nearctic 
region  to California   Cham  a   a singular form allied to the wrens  and 
forming a distinct family  is quite peculiar   Geococcyx   a Neotropical 
form of cuckoo  extends to California and Southern Texas  The following 
genera are very characteristic of the sub region  and some of them almost 
confined to it   Myiadestes   Sylviid      Psaltriparus   Parid     
 Cyanocitta    Picicorvus   Corvid      Hesperiphona    Peuc  a   
 Chondestes   Fringillid      Selasphorus    Atthis   Trochilid     
 Columba    Melopelia   Columbid      Oreortyx   Tetraonid     
 
 Reptiles    The following genera are not found in any other part of the 
Nearctic region   Charina   Tortricid      Lichanotus   Pythonid     
 Gerrhonotus   Zonurid      Phyllodactylus   Geckotid      Anolius  and 
 Tropidolepis   Iguanid      Sceloporus   Iguanid    is only found elsewhere 
in Florida  All the larger North American groups of lizards and snakes are 
also represented here  but in tortoises it is deficient  owing to the 
absence of lakes and large rivers  
 
 Amphibia    California possesses two genera of Salamandrid     Aneides  and 
 Heredia   which do not extend to the other sub regions  
 
 Fresh water Fish    There are two or three peculiar genera of Cyprinid    
but the sub region is comparatively poor in this group  
 
 Plate XVIII  Illustrative of the Zoology of California and the Rocky 
Mountains    We have chosen for the subject of this illustration  the 
peculiar Birds of the Western mountains  The two birds in the foreground 
are a species of grouse   Pedioc  tes Columbianus    entirely confined to 
this sub region  while the only other species of the genus is found in the 
prairies north and west of Wisconsin  so that the group is peculiar to 
northern and western America  The crested birds in the middle of the 
picture   Oreortyx picta    are partridges  belonging to the American 
sub family Odontophorin    This is the only species of the genus which is 
confined to California and Oregon  The bird at the top is the blue crow 
  Gymnokitta cyanocephala    confined to the Rocky Mountains and Sierra 
Nevada from New Mexico and Arizona northwards  and more properly belonging 
to the Central sub region  It is allied to the European nutcracker  but 
according to the American ornithologist  Dr  Coues  has also resemblances 
to the jays  and certainly forms a distinct genus  The grizzly bear   Ursus 
ferox   in the background  is one of the characteristic animals of the 
Californian highlands  
 
 
 
Plate XVIII  
 
 Illustration  
 
SCENE IN CALIFORNIA  WITH SOME CHARACTERISTIC BIRDS  
 
 
 129  II  The Central  or Rocky Mountain Sub region   
 
This extensive district is  for the greater part of its extent  from 2 000 
to 5 000 feet above the sea  and is excessively arid  and  except in the 
immediate vicinity of streams and on some of the higher slopes of the 
mountains  is almost wholly treeless  Its zoology is therefore peculiar  
Many of the most characteristic genera and families of the Eastern States 
are absent  while a number of curious desert and alpine forms give it a 
character of its own  and render it very interesting to the naturalist  
 
 Mammalia    The remarkable prong horned antelope   Antilocapra    the 
mountain goat   Aplocerus    the mountain sheep or bighorn   Ovis 
montana    and the prairie dog   Cynomys    one of the Rodentia  are 
peculiar to this sub region  while the family of the Saccomyid    or pouched 
rats  is represented by many forms and is very characteristic  Here is also 
the chief home of the bison  The glutton   Gulo   and marmot   Lagomys   
enter it from the north  while it has the racoon   Procyon    flying 
squirrel   Sciuropterus    ground squirrel   Tamias    pouched marmot 
  Spermophilus   and jumping mouse   Jaculus   in common with the countries 
east or west of it  
 
 Plate XIX  Illustrative of the Zoology of the Central Plains or 
Prairies    We here introduce four of the most characteristic mammalia of 
the great American plains or prairies  three of them being types confined 
to North America  The graceful animals on the left are the prong horned 
antelopes   Antilocapra americana    whose small horns  though hollow like 
those of the antelopes  are shed annually like those of the deer  To the 
right we have the prairie dogs of the trappers   Cynomys ludovicianus   
which  as will be easily seen  are rodents  and allied to the marmots of 
the European Alps  Their burrows are numerous on the prairies  and the 
manner in which they perch  130 themselves on little mounds and gaze on 
intruders  is noticed by all travellers  On the left  in the foreground  is 
one of the extraordinary pouched rats of America   Geomys bursarius    
These are burrowing animals  feeding on roots  and the mouth is  as it 
were  double  the outer portion very wide and hairy  behind which is the 
small inner mouth  Its use may be to keep out the earth from the mouth 
while the animal is gnawing roots  A mouth so constructed is found in no 
other animals but in these North American rats  In the distance is a herd 
of bisons   Bison americanus    the typical beast of the prairies  
 
 Birds    This sub region has many peculiar forms of birds  both residents  
and migrants from the south or north  Among the peculiar resident species 
we may probably reckon a dipper    Cinclus     Salpinctes   one of the 
wrens   Poospiza    Calamospiza   genera of finches   Picicorvus   
 Gymnokitta   genera of the crow family   Centrocercus  and  Pedioc  tes   
genera of grouse  As winter migrants from the north it has  Leucosticte  
and  Plectrophanes   genera of finches   Perisoreus   a genus of the crow 
family   Picoides   the Arctic woodpecker  and  Lagopus   ptarmigan  Its 
summer migrants  many of which may be resident in the warmer districts  are 
more numerous  Such are   Oreoscoptes   a genus of thrushes  
 Campylorhynchus  and  Catherpes   wrens   Paroides   one of the tits  
 Ph  nopepla   allied to the waxwing   Embernagra  and  Spermophila   genera 
of finches   Pyrocephalus   one of the tyrant shrikes   Callipepla  and 
 Cyrtonyx   American partridges  Besides these  the more widely spread 
genera   Harporhynchus    Lophophanes    Carpodacus    Spizella   and 
 Cyanocitta   are characteristic of the central district  and two genera of 
humming birds   Atthis  and  Selasphorus   only occur here and in 
California  Prof  Baird notes 40 genera of birds which are represented by 
distinct allied species in the western  central  and eastern divisions of 
the United States  corresponding to our sub regions  
 
 
 
Plate XIX  
 
 Illustration  
 
THE AMERICAN PRAIRIES  WITH CHARACTERISTIC MAMMALIA  
 
 131 It is a curious fact that the birds of this sub region should extend 
across the Gulf of California  and that Cape St  Lucas  at the southern 
extremity of the peninsula  should be decidedly more  Central  than 
 Californian  in its ornithology  Prof  Baird says  that its fauna is 
almost identical with that of the Gila River  and has hardly any relation 
to that of Upper California  It possesses a considerable number  about 
twenty  of peculiar species of birds  but all belong to genera 
characteristic of the present sub region  and there is no resemblance to 
the birds of Mazatlan  just across the gulf in the Neotropical region  
 
 Reptiles  Amphibia  and Fishes    A large number of snakes and lizards 
inhabit this sub region  but they have not yet been classified with 
sufficient precision to enable us to make much use of them  Among lizards  
Iguanid    Geckotid    Scincid    and Zonurid    appear to be numerous  and 
many new genera of doubtful value have been described  Among snakes  
Calamariid    Colubrid    and Crotalid   are represented  Among Amphibia  
 Siredon   one of the Proteid    is peculiar  The rivers and lakes of the 
Great Central Basin  and the Colorado River  contain many peculiar forms of 
Cyprinid    
 
 
 III  The Eastern or Alleghany Sub region   
 
This sub region contains examples of all that is most characteristic of 
Nearctic zoology  It is for the most part an undulating or mountainous 
forest clad country  with a warm or temperate climate  but somewhat extreme 
in character  and everywhere abounding in animal and vegetable life  To the 
west  across the Mississippi  the country becomes more open  gradually 
rises  becomes much drier  and at length merges into the arid plains of the 
central sub region  To the south  in Georgia  Florida  and Louisiana  a 
sub tropical climate prevails  and winter is almost unknown  To the north  
in Michigan and New England  the winters are very severe  and streams and 
lakes are frozen for months together  These different climates  however  
produce little effect on the forms of animal life  the species to some 
extent change as we go from north to south  but the same types everywhere 
prevail  This portion of the United States  having been longest inhabited 
by Europeans  has been more thoroughly explored than other parts of North 
America  and to this more complete knowledge its superior zoological 
richness  132 may be to some extent due  but there can be little doubt that 
it is also positively  and not merely relatively  more productive in varied 
forms of animal life than either of the other sub regions  
 
 Mammalia    There seems to be only one genus absolutely peculiar to this 
sub region  the very remarkable  Condylura   or star nosed mole  only found 
from Pennsylvania to Nova Scotia  and as far as about 94   west longitude  
It also has opossums   Didelphys   in common with California  and three out 
of four species of  Scalops   a genus of moles  as well as the skunk 
  Mephitis    American badger   Taxidea    racoon   Procyon    pouched rat 
  Geomys    beaver rat   Fiber    jumping mouse   Jaculus    tree porcupine 
  Erethizon    and other characteristic Nearctic forms  
 
 Birds    The birds of this sub region have been carefully studied by 
American naturalists  and many interesting facts ascertained as to their 
distribution and migrations  About 120 species of birds are peculiar to the 
east coast of the United States  but only about 30 of these are residents 
all the year round in any part of it  the bird population being essentially 
a migratory one  coming from the north in winter and the south in summer  
The largest number of species seems to be congregated in the district of 
the Alleghany mountains  A considerable proportion of the passerine birds 
winter in Central America and the West Indian Islands  and go to the Middle 
States or Canada to breed  so that even the luxuriant Southern States do 
not possess many birds which may be called permanent residents  Thus  in 
East Pennsylvania there are only 52  and in the district of Columbia 54 
species  found all the year round  out of about 130 which breed in these 
localities  very much below the number which permanently reside in Great 
Britain  
 
This sub region is well characterised by its almost exclusive possession of 
 Ectopistes   the celebrated passenger pigeon  whose enormous flocks and 
breeding places have been so often described  and  Cupidonia   a remarkable 
genus of grouse  The only Nearctic parrot   Conurus carolinensis   is found 
in the Southern States  as well as  Crotophaga   a South American genus 
usually associated with the cuckoos   Helmintherus  and  133  Oporornis   
genera of wood warblers  may be considered to be peculiar to this 
sub region  since in each case only one of the two species migrates as far 
as Central America  while two other genera of the same family   Siurus  and 
 Setophaga   as well as the finch genus   Euspiza   do not extend to either 
of the western sub regions   Parus   a genus of tits  comes into the 
district from the north   Otocorys   an alpine lark  and  Coturniculus   an 
American finch  from the west  and such characteristic Nearctic genera as 
 Antrostomus   the whip poor will goatsuckers    Helminthophaga   
 Dendr  ca   and  Myiodioctes   wood warblers    Vireo   greenlets   
 Dolichonyx   rice bird    Quiscalus   troupial    Meleagris   turkey   and 
 Ortyx   American partridge   are wide spread and abundant  In Mr  J  A  
Allen s elaborate and interesting paper on the birds of eastern North 
America  he enumerates 32 species which breed only in the more temperate 
portions of this province  and may therefore be considered to be especially 
characteristic of it  These belong to the following genera    Turdus   
 Galeoscoptes    Harporhynchus    Sialia    Dendr  ca    Wilsonia   
 Pyranga    Vireo    Lanivireo    Lophophanes    Coturniculus   
 Ammodromus    Spizella    Euspiza    Hedymeles    Cyanospiza    Pipilo   
 Cardinalis    Icterus    Corvus    Centurus    Melanerpes    Antrostomus   
 Coccyzus    Ortyx   and  Cupidonia   
 
 Reptiles    In this class the Eastern States are rich  possessing many 
peculiar forms not found in other parts of the region  Among snakes it has 
the genera  Farancia  and  Dimodes  belonging to the fresh water snakes 
 Homalopsid     the South American genus  Elaps   and 3 genera of 
rattlesnakes   Cenchris    Crotalophorus   and  Crotalus   The following 
genera of snakes are said to occur in the State of New York    Coluber   
 Tropidonotus    Leptophis    Calamaria    Heterodon    Trigonocephalus   
 Crotalus    Psammophis    Helicops    Rhinostoma    Pituophis   and 
 Elaps   
 
Among lizards   Chirotes   forming a peculiar family of Amphisbenians  
inhabits Missouri and Mexico  while the remarkable glass snake  
 Ophisaurus   belonging to the family Zonurid    is peculiar to the Southern 
States  and the South American  Sph  rodactylus   one of the gecko family  
reaches Florida  Other genera which extend as far north as the State of New 
 134 York are   Scincus    Tropidolepis    Plestiodon    Lygosoma   
 Ameiva   and  Phrynosoma   
 
Tortoises  especially the fresh water kind  are very abundant  and the 
genera  Aromochelys    Chelydra    Terrapene   and  Trionyx   are nearly  
if not quite  confined to this division of the region  
 
 Amphibia    Almost all the remarkable forms of Urodela  or tailed 
batrachians  peculiar to the region are found here only  such as  Siren  
and  Pseudobranchus   constituting the family Sirenid     Menobranchus   
allied to the  Proteus  of Europe   Amphiuma   an eel like creature with 
four rudimentary feet  constituting the family Amphiumid     Notopthalmus   
 Desmognathus   and  Menopoma   belonging to the Salamandrid    together 
with several other genera of wider range  Of Anura  or tail less 
batrachians  there are no peculiar genera  but the Neotropical genus of 
toads   Engystoma   extends as far as South Carolina  
 
 Fishes    Owing to its possession of the Mississippi and the great lakes  
almost all the peculiar forms of North American fishes are confined to this 
sub region  Such are  Perca    Pileoma    Huro    Bryttus   and  Pomotis  
 Percid     the families Aphredoderid   and Percopsid    several genera of 
Cyprinodontid   and Cyprinid    and the family Polydontid    
 
 
 Islands of the Alleghany Sub region   
 
 The Bermudas    These islands  situated in the Atlantic  about 700 miles 
from the coast of Carolina  are chiefly interesting for the proof they 
afford of the power of a great variety of birds to cross so wide an extent 
of ocean  There are only 6 or 8 species of birds which are permanent 
residents on the islands  all common North American species  while no less 
than 140 species have been recorded as visiting them  Most of these are 
stragglers  many only noticed once  others appear frequently and in great 
numbers  but very few  perhaps not a dozen  come every year  and can be 
considered regular migrants  The permanent residents are  a greenlet 
  Vireo noveboracensis    the catbird   Galeoscoptes carolinensis    the 
blue bird   Sialia sialis    the cardinal   Cardinalis virginianus    the 
American crow   Corvus  135 americanus    and the ground dove   Cham  pelia 
passerina    The most regular visitants are a kingfisher   Ceryle alcyon    
the wood wagtail   Siurus noveboracensis    the rice bird   Dolichonyx 
oryzivorus    and a moorhen   Gallinula galeata    Besides the American 
species  four European birds have been taken at the Bermudas   Saxicola 
oenanthe    Alauda arvensis   perhaps introduced    Crex pratensis   and 
 Scolopax gallinago   
 
A common American lizard   Plestiodon longirostris   is the only land 
reptile found on the islands  
 
 
 IV  The Sub Arctic or Canadian Sub region   
 
This sub region serves to connect together the other three  since they all 
merge gradually into it  while to the north it passes into the circumpolar 
zone which is common to the Pal  arctic and Nearctic regions  The greater 
portion of it is an extensive forest district  mostly of conifer    and 
where these cease towards the north  barren wastes extend to the polar 
ocean  It possesses several northern or arctic forms of Mammalia  such as 
the glutton  lemming  reindeer  and elk  which barely enter the more 
southern sub regions  as well as the polar bear and arctic fox  but it also 
has some peculiar forms  and many of the most characteristic Nearctic 
types  The remarkable musk sheep   Ovibos   is confined to this sub region  
ranging over a considerable extent of country north of the forests  as well 
as Greenland  It has been extinct in Europe and Asia since the 
Post pliocene epoch  Such purely Nearctic genera as  Procyon    Latax   
 Erethizon    Jaculus    Fiber    Thomomys   and  Hesperomys   abound  many 
of them ranging to the shores of Hudson s Bay and the barren wastes of 
northern Labrador  Others  such as  Blarina    Condylura   and  Mephitis   
are found only in Nova Scotia and various parts of Canada  About 20 species 
of Mammalia seem to be peculiar to this sub region  
 
 Plate XX  Illustrating the Zoology of Canada    We have here a group of 
Mammalia characteristic of Canada and the colder parts of the United 
States  Conspicuous in the foreground is the skunk   Mephitis mephitica    
belonging to a genus of the weasel family found only in America  This 
animal is  136 celebrated for its power of ejecting a terribly offensive 
liquid  the odour of which is almost intolerable  The skunks are nocturnal 
animals  and are generally marked  as in the species represented  with 
conspicuous bands and patches of white  This enables them to be easily seen 
at night  and thus serves to warn larger animals not to attack them  To the 
left is the curious little jumping mouse   Jaculus hudsonius    the 
American representative of the Pal  arctic jerboa  Climbing up a tree on the 
left is the tree porcupine   Erethizon dorsatus    belonging to the family 
Cercolabid    which represents  on the American continent  the porcupines of 
the Old World  In the background is the elk or moose   Alces americanus    
perhaps identical with the European elk  and the most striking inhabitant 
of the northern forests of America  as the bison is of the prairies  
 
 Birds    Although the Canadian sub region possesses very few resident 
birds  the numbers which breed in it are perhaps greater than in the other 
sub regions  because a large number of circumpolar species are found here 
exclusively  From a comparison of Mr  Allen s tables it appears  that more 
than 200 species are regular migrants to Canada in the breeding season  and 
nearly half of these are land birds  Among them are to be found a 
considerable number of genera of the American families Tyrannid   and 
Mniotiltid    as well as the American genera  Sialia    Progne    Vireo   
 Cistothorus    Junco    Pipilo    Zonotrichia    Spizella    Melospiza   
 Molothrus    Agel  us    Cyanura    Sphyrapicus   and many others  so that 
the ornithology of these northern regions is still mainly Nearctic in 
character  Besides these  it has such specially northern forms as  Surnia  
 Strigid      Picoides   Picid      Pinicola   Fringillid     as well as 
 Leucosticte    Plectrophanes    Perisoreus   and  Lagopus   which extend 
further south  especially in the middle sub region  No less than 212 
species of birds have been collected in the new United States territory of 
Alaska  formerly Russian America   where a humming bird   Selasphorus 
rufus   breeds  The great majority of these are typically American  
including such forms as  Colaptes    Helminthophaga    Siurus    Dendr  ca   
 Myiodioctes    Passerculus    Zonotrichia    Junco    Spizella   
 Melospizpa    Passerella    Scoleophagas    Pediocetes   and  Bonasa   
together with many northern birds common to both continents  Yet a few 
Pal  arctic forms  not known in other parts of the sub region  appear here  
These are  Budytes flava    Phylloscopus kennicottii   and  Pyrrhula 
coccinea   all belonging to genera not occurring elsewhere in North 
America  Considering the proximity of the district to North east Asia  and 
the high probability that there was an actual land connection at  and south 
of  Behring s Straits  in late Tertiary times  it is somewhat remarkable 
that the admixture of Pal  arctic and Nearctic groups is not greater than it 
is  The Pal  arctic element  however  forms so small apportion of the whole 
fauna  that it may be satisfactorily accounted for by the establishment of 
immigrants since the Glacial period  The great interest felt by 
ornithologists in the discovery of the three genera above named  with a 
wren allied to a European species  is an indication that the faunas even of 
the northern parts of the Nearctic and Pal  arctic regions are  as regards 
birds  radically distinct  It may be mentioned that the birds of the 
Aleutian Isles are also  so far as known  almost wholly Nearctic  The 
number of land birds known from Alaska is 77  and from the Aleutian Isles 
16 species  all of which  except one  are North American  
 
 
 
Plate XX  
 
 Illustration  
 
A CANADIAN FOREST  WITH CHARACTERISTIC MAMMALIA  
 
 137  Reptiles    These are comparatively few and unimportant  There are 
however five snakes and three tortoises which are limited to Canada proper  
while further north there are only Amphibia  represented by frogs and 
toads  and a salamander of the genus  Plethodon   
 
 Fishes    Most of the groups of fresh water fish of the Nearctic region 
are represented here  especially those of the perch  salmon  and pike 
families  but there seem to be few or no peculiar genera  
 
 Insects    These are far less numerous than in the more temperate 
districts  but are still tolerably abundant  In Canada there are 53 species 
of butterflies  viz   Papilionid    4  Pierid    2  Nymphalid    21  Satyrid    
3  Lyc  nid   16  and Hesperid   7  Most of these are  no doubt  found chiefly 
in the southern parts of Canada  That Coleoptera are pretty numerous is 
shown  by more than 800 species having been collected on the  138 shores of 
Lake Superior  177 being Geodephaga and 39 Longicorns  
 
 Greenland    This great arctic island must be considered as belonging to 
the Nearctic region  since of its six land mammals  three are exclusively 
American   Myodes torquatus    Lepus glacialis   and  Ovibos moschatus    
while the other three   Vulpes lagopus    Ursus maritimus   and  Rangifer 
tarandus   are circumpolar  Only fourteen land birds are either resident 
in  or regular migrants to the country  and of these two are European 
  Hali  etus albicilla   and  Falco peregrinus    while three are American 
  Anthus ludovicianus    Zonotrichia leucophrys   and  Lagopus rupestris    
the rest being arctic species common to both continents  The waders and 
aquatics  49 in number  are nearly equally divided between both continents  
but the land birds which visit Greenland as stragglers are mostly American  
Yet although the Nearctic element somewhat preponderates  Greenland really 
belongs to that circumpolar debateable land  which is common to the two 
North Temperate regions  
 
 
 
 Concluding remarks    We have already discussed pretty fully  though 
somewhat incidentally  the status and relations of the Nearctic region  
first in our chapter on Zoological regions  then in our review of extinct 
faunas  and lastly in the earlier part of this chapter  It will not 
therefore be necessary to go further into the question here  but we shall  
in our next chapter  give a brief summary of the general conclusions we 
have reached as to the past history and mutual zoological relations of all 
the great divisions of the earth  
 
 
 139 TABLES OF DISTRIBUTION  
 
In drawing up these tables  showing the distribution of various classes of 
animals in the Nearctic region  the following sources of information have 
been chiefly relied on  in addition to the general treatises  monographs  
and catalogues used in the compilation of the 4th Part of this work  
 
 Mammalia    Professor Baird s Catalogue  Allen s List of the Bats  Mr  
Lord s List for British Columbia  Brown  for Greenland  Packard for 
Labrador  
 
 Birds    Baird  Cassin  and Allen s Lists for United States  Richardson s 
Fauna Boreali Americana  Jones  for Bermudas  and papers by Brown  Coues  
Lord  Packard  Dall  and Professor Newton  
 
 
 140 TABLE I  
 
 FAMILIES OF ANIMALS INHABITING THE NEARCTIC REGION   
 
EXPLANATION  
 
  Names in  italics  show the families which are peculiar to the region  
 
  Names inclosed thus          show families which barely enter the region  
  and are not considered properly to belong to it  
 
  Numbers correspond to the series of numbers to the families in Part IV  
 
                                                                            
                         Sub regions         
                         1 California        
    Order and Family     2 Rocky Mntns         Range beyond the Region  
                         3 Alleghanies       
                         4 Canada            
                                                                            
                         1    2    3    4    
                                                                            
                                             
  MAMMALIA                                   
  CHIROPTERA                                 
  10  Phyllostomid                            Neotropical 
  12  Vespertilionid                          Cosmopolite 
  13  Noctilionid                             Tropical regions 
                                             
  INSECTIVORA                                
  21  Talpid                                  Pal  arctic 
  22  Soricid                                 The Eastern Hemisphere  excl  
                                               Australia 
                                             
  CARNIVORA                                  
  23  Felid                                   All regions but the Australian 
  28  Canid                                   All regions but the Australian 
  29  Mustelid                                All regions but the Australian 
  30  Procyonid                               Neotropical 
  32  Ursid                                   Pal  arctic  Oriental 
  33  Otariid                                 N  and S  temperate zones 
  34  Trichechid                              Arctic regions 
  35  Phocid                                  N  and S  temperate zones 
                                             
  CETACEA                                    
  36 to 41                                   Oceanic 
                                             
  UNGULATA                                   
  47  Suid                                    All other continents but 
                                               Australia 
  50  Cervid                                  All regions but Ethiopian and 
                                               Australian 
  52  Bovid                                  Pal  arctic  Ethiopian  Oriental 
                                             
  RODENTIA                                   
  55  Murid                                   Almost cosmopolite 
  57  Dipodid                                 Pal  arctic  Ethiopian 
  59   Saccomyid                              Mexican sub region 
  60  Castorid                                Pal  arctic 
  61  Sciurid                                 All regions but Australian 
  62   Haploodontid                           
  66  Cercolabid                              Neotropical 
  69  Lagomyid                                Pal  arctic 
  70  Leporid                                 All regions but Australian 
                                             
  MARSUPIALIA                                
  76  Didelphyid                              Neotropical 
                                             
  BIRDS                                      
  PASSERES                                   
   1  Turdid                                  Almost cosmopolite 
   2  Sylviid                                 Almost cosmopolite 
   5  Cinclid                                 Pal  arctic  Oriental  Andes 
   6  Troglodytid                             All regions but Australian 
   7   Cham  id                                
   8  Certhiid                                Pal  arctic  Oriental  
                                               Australian 
   9  Sittid                                  Pal  arctic  Oriental  
                                               Australian 
  10  Parid                                   The Eastern Hemisphere 
  19  Laniid                                  The Eastern Hemisphere 
  20  Corvid                                  Cosmopolite 
  26   Coerebid                               Neotropical family 
  27  Mniotiltid                              Neotropical 
  28  Vireonid                                Neotropical 
  29  Ampelid                                Pal  arctic  Antilles  Guatemala 
  30  Hirundinid                              Cosmopolite 
  31  Icterid                                 Neotropical 
  32  Tanagrid                                Neotropical 
  33  Fringillid                              All regions but Australian 
  37  Alaudid                                 All regions but Neotropical 
  38  Motacillid                              Cosmopolite 
  39  Tyrannid                                Neotropical 
                                             
  PICARI                                      
  51  Picid                                   All regions but Australian 
  58  Cuculid                                 Almost cosmopolite 
  67  Alcedinid                               Cosmopolite 
  73  Caprimulgid                             Cosmopolite 
  74  Cypselid                                Almost cosmopolite 
  75  Trochilid                               Neotropical 
                                             
  PSITTACI                                   
  80  Conurid                                 Neotropical 
                                             
  COLUMB                                      
  84  Columbid                                Cosmopolite 
                                             
  GALLIN                                      
  87  Tetraonid                               Almost cosmopolite 
  88  Phasianid                               Pal  arctic  Oriental  
                                               Ethiopian  Honduras 
  91   Cracid                                 Neotropical 
                                             
  ACCIPITRES                                 
  94  Vulturid                                All regions but Australian 
  96  Falconid                                Cosmopolite 
  97  Pandionid                               Cosmopolite 
  98  Strigid                                 Cosmopolite 
                                             
  GRALL                                       
  99  Rallid                                  Cosmopolite 
  100  Scolopacid                             Cosmopolite 
  105  Charadriid                             Cosmopolite 
  107  Gruid                                  All regions but Neotropical 
  113  Ardeid                                 Cosmopolite 
  114  Plataleid                              Almost cosmopolite 
  115  Ciconiid                               All the regions 
                                             
  ANSERES                                    
  118  Anatid                                 Cosmopolite 
  119  Larid                                  Cosmopolite 
  120  Procellariid                           Cosmopolite 
  121  Pelecanid                              Cosmopolite 
  123  Colymbid                               North temperate and arctic 
                                               zones 
  124  Podicipid                              Cosmopolite 
  125  Alcid                                  North temperate and arctic 
                                               zones 
                                             
  REPTILIA                                   
  OPHIDIA                                    
   5  Calamariid                              All the regions 
   6  Oligodontid                             Neotropical  Oriental  Japan 
   7  Colubrid                                Almost cosmopolite 
   8  Homalopsid                              All the regions 
  17  Pythonid                                All tropical regions 
  20  Elapid                                  All tropical regions  Japan 
  24  Crotalid                                Neotropical  Pal  arctic  
                                               Oriental 
                                             
  LACERTILIA                                 
  27   Chirotid                               Mexico 
  32  Teid                                    Neotropical 
  34  Zonurid                                 All regions but Australian 
  35  Chalcid                                 Neotropical 
  45  Scincid                                 Almost cosmopolite 
  49  Geckotid                                Almost cosmopolite 
  50  Iguanid                                 Neotropical 
                                             
  CROCODILIA                                 
  56  Alligatorid                             Neotropical 
                                             
  CHELONIA                                   
  57  Testudinid                              All continents but Australian 
  59  Trionychid                              Ethiopian  Oriental  Japan 
  60  Cheloniid                               Marine 
                                             
  AMPHIBIA                                   
  URODELA                                    
   2   Sirenid                                
   3  Proteid                                 Pal  arctic 
   4   Amphiumid                              
   5  Menopomid                               Pal  arctic 
   6  Salamandrid                             Andes  Pal  arctic 
                                             
  ANOURA                                     
  10  Bufonid                                 All continents but Australia 
  12  Engystomid                              All regions but Nearctic 
  15  Alytid                                  All regions but Oriental 
  17  Hylid                                   All regions but Ethiopian 
  18  Polypedatid                             All the regions 
  19  Ranid                                   Almost cosmopolite 
                                             
  FISHES  FRESHWATER                         
  ACANTHOPTERYGII                            
   1  Gasterosteid                            Pal  arctic 
   3  Percid                                  Cosmopolite 
   4   Aphredoderid                           
  12  Scienid                                 All regions but Australian 
  37  Atherinid                               Pal  arctic 
                                             
  PHYSOSTOMI                                 
  59  Silurid                                 All warm regions 
  65  Salmonid                                Pal  arctic  New Zealand 
  66   Percopsid                              
  70  Esocid                                  Pal  arctic 
  71  Umbrid                                  Pal  arctic 
  73  Cyprinodontid                           All regions but Australian 
  74   Heteropygii                           
  75  Cyprinid                                Not in S  America or Australia 
  77   Hyodontid                              
                                             
  GANOIDEI                                   
  93   Amiid                                  
  95   Lepidosteid                            
  96  Accipenserid                            Pal  arctic 
  97  Polydontid                              Pal  arctic 
                                             
  INSECTS                                    
  LEPIDOPTERA  PART                          
  DIURNI  BUTTERFLIES                        
   1  Danaid                                  All warm regions 
   2  Satyrid                                 Cosmopolite 
   7   Heliconid                              Neotropical 
   8  Nymphalid                               Cosmopolite 
   9  Libytheid                               Not in Australia 
  12  Erycinid                                Neotropical 
  13  Lyc  nid                                 Cosmopolite 
  14  Pierid                                  Cosmopolite 
  15  Papilionid                              Cosmopolite 
  16  Hesperid                                Cosmopolite 
                                             
  SPHINGIDEA                                 
  17  Zyg  nid                                 Cosmopolite 
  18  Castniid                                Neotropical  Australian 
  22    geriid                                 Not in Australia 
  23  Sphingid                                Cosmopolite 
 
 145 TABLE II  
 
 LIST OF GENERA OF TERRESTRIAL MAMMALIA AND BIRDS INHABITING THE NEARCTIC 
REGION   
 
EXPLANATION  
 
  Names in  italics  show genera peculiar to the region  
 
  Names enclosed thus       indicate genera which barely enter the region  
  and are not considered properly to belong to it  
 
  Genera properly belonging to the region are numbered consecutively  
 
 
 MAMMALIA   
 
                                                                            
  Order  Family  and   No  of      Range within           Range beyond 
    Genus             Species       the Region             the Region  
                                                                            
                                                      
  CHIROPTERA                                          
  PHYLLOSTOMID                                         
   1  Macrotus            1   California Mexico       
                                Antilles              
                                                      
  VESPERTILIONID                                       
   2  Scotophilus         5   Universal  to Hudson s  Neotr   Orient   
                                 Bay                    Austral  
   3  Vespertilio         6   Universal  to Hudson s  Cosmopolite  
                                Bay                   
   4  Nycticejus          1   South and East          India  Tropical 
                                                        Africa  temperate 
                                                        S  America 
   5  Lasiurus            3   Temp  N  Amer  to       Tropical America 
                                Nova Scotia           
   6   Synotus            2  S  E  and Central States 
   7   Autrozous          1   W  Coast                
                                                      
  NOCTILIONID                                          
   8  Nyctinomus          1   Cal  and S  Central    Neotropical  Oriental  
                                Sub region              S  Pal  arctic 
                                                      
  INSECTIVORA                                         
  TALPID                                               
   9   Condylura          1   Eastern N  America      
  10   Scapanus           2   New York to San         
                                Francisco             
  11   Scalops            3   S  of Great Lakes       
                                Brit  Columb          
  12  Urotrichus          1   British Columbia        Japan 
                                                      
  SORICID                                              
  13  Sorex              16   The whole region        Pal  arc   Ethiop   
                                                        Orien  
  14  Neosorex            1   Vancouver s Island      
                                 a sub genus          
  15  Blarina             7   Canada to Mexico        
                                 a sub genus          
                                                      
  CARNIVORA                                           
  FELID                                                
  16  Felis               5   S  of 55   N  Latitude   All regs  but 
                                                        Australian 
  17  Lynx                3   S  of 56   N  Latitude   Pal  arctic 
                                                      
  CANID                                                
  18  Lupus               6   All N  America          Pal  arctic  Oriental 
  19  Vulpes              6   N  America to Arctic    Pal  arc   Ethiop   
                                Ocean and Greenland      Orient  
                                                      
  MUSTELID                                             
  20  Martes              2   Pennsylvania to         Pal  arctic  Oriental 
                                Paget s Sound         
  21  Mustela            11   All N  America          Peru  Pal  arctic  
                                                        Ethiopian  Oriental 
  22  Gulo                1   Rocky Mountains and     N  Pal  arctic 
                                Canada                
  23   Latax              2   United States and       
                                Canada                
  24  Enhydris            1   Pacific coast          W  coast of S  America 
  25   Taxidea            2  Arkansas to 58   N  Lat   
  26  Mephitis            6   United States and       Neotropical 
                                Canada                
                                                      
  PROCYONID                                            
  27  Procyon             2   Texas to Canada         Neotropical 
                                California            
  28  Bassaris            1   California and Texas    Guatemala and Mexico 
                                                      
  URSID                                                
  29  Ursus               3   N  America and          Pal  arctic  Oriental 
                                Greenland             
                                                      
  OTARIID                                              
  30  Callorhinus         1   Behring s Straits       Kamschatka 
  31  Zalophus            1   S  California to        Japan 
                                N  Pacific            
       Eumetopias         1   California to           
                                Behring s Straits     
                                                      
  TRICHECHID                                           
  32  Trichechus          1   Arctic Ocean to 66   N   Pal  arctic 
                                Lat  in N  America    
  PHOCID                                               
  33  Callocephalus       1   Greenland               Pal  arctic 
  34  Pagomys             1   N  Atlantic and         Japan 
                                N  Pacific            
  35  Pagophilus          1   N  Atlantic and         Pal  arctic 
                                N  Pacific            
  36   Halicyon           1   N  W  coast of America  
  37  Phoca               1   Northern Coast          Pal  arctic 
  38  Halichoerus         1   Greenland               Pal  arctic 
  39  Morunga             1   California              S  temperate shores 
  40  Cystophora              Greenland               N  Atlantic 
                                                      
  UNGULATA                                            
  SUID                                                 
  41  Dicotyles           1   Texas to Red River      Neotropical 
                                Arkansas              
                                                      
  CERVID                                               
  42  Alces               1   N  E  United States     N  Pal  arctic 
                                Canada                
  43  Rangifer            2   Maine to Arctic Ocean   Arctic zone 
                                  Greenl              
  44  Cervus              6   N  America to 57   N     Neotr   Pal  arc   
                                Lat                     Orien  
                                                      
  BOVID                                                
  45  Bison               1   Between Missouri        E  Europe 
                                Rocky Mtns            
  46   Antilocapra        1   Central plains from     
                                Rio Grande to         
                                British Columbia      
  47   Aplocerus          1   Northern Rocky          
                                Mountains             
  48  Capra               1   Upper Missouri and      Pal  arctic 
                                Rocky Mountains       
                                northwards            
  49   Ovibos             1   Arctic America and      
                                Greenland             
                                                      
  RODENTIA                                            
  MURID                                                
  50  Reithrodon          5   N  America to Lat       Neotropical 
                                39   N                 
  51  Hesperomys         16   Temperate N  America    Neotropical 
  52   Neotoma            7   Temperate N  America    
  53   Sigmodon           2   S  and S  E  States     
  54  Arvicola           27   Texas and California     Pal  arctic 
                                to Hudson s Bay       
  55  Myodes              3   N  United States to     N  Pal  arctic 
                                Arctic Reg  and       
                                Greenland             
  56   Fiber              1   All N  America          Mexico 
                                                      
  DIPODID                                              
  57   Jaculus            1   Pennsylvania to Canada  
                                and California        
                                                      
  SACCOMYID                                            
  58   Dipodomys          5   New Mexico to Columbia  
                                River and Carolina    
  59   Perognathus        6   New Mexico to British   
                                Columbia              
  60   Thomomys           2   Upper Missouri to       
                                Hudson s Bay          
  61   Geomys             5   New Mexico to Alabama   
                                and Nebraska          
  62   Saccomys           1   N  America              
                                                      
  CASTORID                                             
  63  Castor              1   N  Mexico to Labrador   Pal  arctic 
                                                      
  SCIURID                                              
  64  Sciurus            18   N  America to Labrador  All regs  but 
                                                        Australian 
  65  Sciuropterus        4   California   E  States  Pal  arctic  Oriental 
                                northwds              
  66  Tamias              4   Mexico and Virginia     Mexico  N  Asia 
                                to Canada             
  67  Spermophilus       15   N   W     Central       Pal  arctic 
                                N  America            
  68   Cynomys            2   Rio Grande to Missouri  
                                  Central             
  69  Arctomys            4   Virginia and Nebraska    N  Pal  arctic 
                                northws               
                                                      
  HAPLOODONTID                                         
  70   Haploodon          2   California and British  
                                Columbia              
                                                      
  CERCOLABID                                           
  71   Erethizon          2  Pennsylvania to Canada   
                                  Pacific coast       
  LAGOMYID                                             
  72  Lagomys             1   Rocky Mountains  42      Pal  arctic 
                                to 60   N  Lat         
                                                      
  LEPORID                                              
  73  Lepus              15   All N  America to       All regs  but 
                                Greenland               Australian 
                                                      
  MARSUPIALIA                                         
  DIDELPHYID                                           
  74  Didelphys           2   From Hudson s River     Neotropical 
                                Lower California      
                                southward             
 
   BIRDS   
 
  PASSERES                                            
  TURDID                                               
    1  Turdus             9   The whole region        Almost cosmopolite 
    2  Mimus              2   All U  States and to    Neotropical 
                                Canada                
    3  Galeoscoptes       1   E  of N  America        To Panama 
    4   Oreoscoptes       1   California and Rocky    Mexico 
                                Mountains             
    5   Harporhynchus     7   N  America  chiefly     Mexico 
                                the west              
                                                      
  SYLVIID                                              
    6  Myiadestes         1   W  of Rocky Mountains   Neotropical 
                                and to Canada         
    7   Sialia            3   All United States and   Mexico and Guatemala 
                                to Canada             
    8  Regulus            3   All United States       Pal  arc   Cent  
                                to Labrador             America 
    9  Polioptila         3   Central and Southern    Neotropical 
                                U  States             
                                                      
  CINCLID                                              
   10  Cinclus            1   Rocky Mountains and     Andes  Pal  arctic 
                                British America       
                                                      
  TROGLODYTID                                          
   11  Troglodytes        3   N  America              Neotropical  
                                                        Pal  arctic 
   12  Thryophilus        1   N  W  America           Neotropical 
   13  Thryothorus        3   All N  America          Neotropical 
   14  Cistothorus        2   N  America              Neotropical 
       Campylorhynchus    1   Gila and Rio Grande     Neotropical genus 
   15   Salpinctes        1   Rocky Mountains to      
                                Oregon                
   16   Catherpes         1   Gila and Colorado       
                                                      
  CHAM  ID                                              
   17   Cham  a            1   California              
                                                      
  CERTHIID                                             
   18  Certhia            2   All United States and   Pal  arctic  Guatemala 
                                Canada                
                                                      
  SITTID                                               
   19  Sitta              5   All United States and   Pal  arctic  Mexico 
                                Canada                
                                                      
  PARID                                                
   20  Parus              8   All United States and   Pal  arc   Orien   
                                Canada                  Mexico 
   21  Lophophanes        4   All United States       Pal  arctic  Mexico 
   22   Psaltriparus      3   Central   Western       Mexico and Guatemala 
                                N  America            
   23   Auriparus         1   Rio Grande Valley       
                                                      
  LANIID                                               
   24  Lanius             4   All N  America          Pal  arc   Ethio   
                                                        Orient  
                                                      
  CORVID                                               
   25  Perisoreus         1   Canada and Rocky        Pal  arctic 
                                Mountains             
   26  Cyanocitta         9   All United States and   Neotropical 
                                to Canada             
   27   Gymnokitta        1   Central and N  W        
                                States                
   28   Picicorvus        1   Central and Western     
                                States to Sitka       
   29  Pica               2   Central and Western     Pal  arctic 
                                States to Arctic      
                                 Ocean                
   30  Corvus             7   All N  America          Cosmop   excl  
                                                        S  Amer  
                                                      
  COEREBID                                             
       Certhiola          1   Florida  summer         Neotropical genus 
                                migrant               
                                                      
  MNIOTILTID                                           
   31   Mniotilta         1   Eastern States          Antilles  Andes of 
                                                        Columbia  migrant  
   32  Parula             1   Eastern States and      Neotropical 
                                Canada                
   33  Protonotaria       1   Ohio and southwards     Neotrop  to Venezuela 
   34  Helminthophaga     8   All N  America          Mexico to Columbia 
   35   Helmintherus      2   S  and E  States to     Mexico to Veragua 
                                Canada                
   36  Perissoglossa      1   Eastern United States   Antilles 
   37  Dendroeca         22   All N  America          Mex  to Ecuador   
                                                        Chili 
   38   Oporornis         2   Eastern States          Guatemala and Panama 
   39  Geothlypis         4   All N  America          Neotropical 
   40  Setophaga          2   E  States   Canadian    Neotropical 
                                sub region            
   41   Myiodioctes       5   United States and       Mex  to Columb  
                                Canada                   migr   
   42  Siurus             3   S  and E  States to     Mexico to Columbia 
                                Canada                
   43   Icteria           2   E  and Central States   Mexico to Costa Rica 
                                to Canada             
                                                      
  VIREONID                                             
   44  Vireosylvia        7   All N  America         Antilles and Venezuela 
   45  Vireo              6   All United States       Antilles and Costa 
                                                        Rica 
                                                      
  AMPELID                                              
   46  Ampelis            2   All N  America          Pal  arctic  Guatemala 
   47   Ph  nopepla        1  Gila and Lower Colorado  Mexico 
                                                      
  HIRUNDINID                                           
   48  Hirundo            3   All N  America          Almost cosmopolite 
   49  Petrochelidon      1   All N  America          Neotropical 
   50  Cotyle             1   All N  America          All regs  but 
                                                        Australian 
   51  Stelgidopteryx     1   Southern States         Neotropical 
   52  Progne             1   All N  America          Neotropical 
                                                      
  ICTERID                                              
   53  Icterus            7   All United States and   Neotropical 
                                Canada                
   54  Dolichonyx         1   Eastern States and      Neotropical 
                                Canada                
   55  Molothrus          1   All United States and   Neotropical 
                                Canada                
   56  Agel  us            3   All United Slates and   Neotropical 
                                Canada                
   57  Xanthocephalus     1   The whole region        Mexico 
   58  Sturnella          2   All United States and   Neotropical 
                                Canada                
   59   Scolecophagus     2   All United States and   Mexico 
                                Canada                
   60  Quiscalus          4   S  and E  States to     Mexico to Venezuela 
                                Labrador              
                                                      
  TANAGRID                                             
   61  Pyranga            4   United Stales and       Neotropical 
                                Canada                
                                                      
  FRINGILLID                                           
   62  Chrysomitris       7   The whole region        Neotropical  
                                                        Pal  arctic 
   63  Coccothraustes     1   W  and N  W  America    Pal  arctic  Guatemala 
   64  Embernagra         1  Rocky Mountain district  Neotropical 
   65   Pipilo            9   All N  America          Mexico and Guatemala 
   66   Junco             5   All United States       Mexico and Guatemala 
   67  Zonotrichia        5   The whole region        Neotropical 
   68   Melospiza         7   All United States to    Mexico and Guatemala 
                                Sitka                 
   69   Spizella          6   N  America              Mexico and Guatemala 
   70   Passerella        3   The whole region        Northern Asia 
   71   Passerculus       6   The whole region        Mexico and Guatemala 
   72   Pooecetes         1   All United States       Mexico 
   73   Ammodromus        3   All United States       Mexico and Guatemala 
   74  Coturniculus       3  E  and N  of N  America  Neotropical 
   75  Peuc  a             3   S  Atlantic States and  Mexico 
                                California            
   76   Cyanospiza        5   All United States to    Central American 
                                Canada                
   77  Poospiza           2   California and S        Neotropical 
                                Central States        
   78  Carpodacus         5   The whole region        Mexico  Pal  arctic 
   79  Cardinalis         1   S  and S  Central       Mexico to Venezuela 
                                States                
   80   Pyrrhuloxia       1   Texas and Rio Grande    
   81  Guiraca            1   Southern States         Neotropical 
   82  Hedymeles          2   All United States       Mexico to Columbia 
       Spermophila        1   Texas                   Neotropical genus 
   83  Loxia              2   N  of Pennsylvania      Pal  arctic 
   84  Pinicola           1   Boreal America          Pal  arctic 
   85  Linota             2   E  and N  of N          Pal  arctic 
                                America               
   86  Leucosticte        4   Alaska to Utah          Pal  arctic 
   87   Calamospiza       1   Arizona and Texas to    Mexico 
                                Mexico                
   88   Chondestes        1   Western  Cen            Mexico 
                                Southern States       
   89  Euspiza            2   S  Eastern States       Pal  arc   Columb  
                                                         mig   
   90  Plectrophanes      6   Boreal America and E    Pal  arctic 
                                side of Rocky         
                                Mountains             
   91   Centronyx         1   Mouth of Yellowstone    
                                River                 
                                                      
  ALAUDID                                              
   92  Otocorys           1   High central plains to  Pal  arc   Mexico  
                                E  States and Canada    Andes of Columbia 
                                                      
  MOTACILLID                                           
   93  Anthus             1   The whole region        Cosmopolite 
   94   Neocorys          1    Nebraska               
                                                      
  TYRANNID                                             
   95  Sayornis           3   E  States to Canada     Mexico to Ecuador 
                                California            
       Pyrocephalus       1   Gila and Rio Grande     Neotropical 
   96  Empidonax          7   The whole region        Mexico to Ecuador 
   97  Contopus           3   N  and E  of Rocky      Mexico to Amazonia 
                                Mountains             
   98  Myiarchus          2   E  and W  coasts and    Neotropical 
                                Canada                
   99   Empidias          1   Eastern States          Mexico 
  100  Tyrannus           4   All United States to    Neotropical 
                                Canada                
        Milvulus          1   Texas                   Neotropical genus 
                                                      
  PICARI                                               
  PICID                                                
  101  Picoides           3   Arctic zone and Rocky   Pal  arctic 
                                Mounts                
  102  Picus              6   All United States and   All regs  but Eth  
                                Canada                    Aus  
  103   Sphyrapicus       6   Brit  Columbia and      Mexico and Guatemala 
                                Pennsylvania          
                                southwards            
  104  Campephilus        2   United States and       Neotropical 
                                Canada                
  105   Hylatomus         1   E  and W  States and    
                                Canada                
  106  Centurus           3   The whole region        Mexico to Venezuela 
  107  Melanerpes         3   United States and       Neotropical 
                                S  Canada             
  108  Colaptes           3   United States and       Neotropical 
                                Canada                
                                                      
  CUCULID                                              
  109  Crotophaga         2   E  States from          Neotropical 
                                Pennsylvania S        
  110  Coccyzus           3   S  E  and Cen  States   Neotropical 
                                to Canada             
  111  Geococcyx          1   California to New Mex   Guatemala 
                                  Texas               
                                                      
  ALCEDINID                                            
  112  Ceryle             2   The whole region        Neotropical S  
                                                       Pal  arctic  Oriental 
                                                      
  CAPRIMULGID                                          
  113  Chordeiles         3   All United States to    Neotropical 
                                Canada                
  114  Antrostomus        3   All United States to    Neotropical 
                                Canada                
                                                      
  CYPSELID                                             
  115  Nephoecetes        1   N  W  America Jamaica   
  116  Ch  tura            2   All U  States           Almost cosmopolite 
                                British Columbia      
                                                      
  TROCHILID                                            
  117   Trochilus         2   The whole region        Mexico to Veragua 
                                                           mi   
  118  Selasphorus        2   W  coast and Centre     Mexico to Veragua 
  119   Atthis            2   California and          Mexico to Guatemala 
                                Colorado Valley       
                                                      
  PSITTACI                                            
  CONURID                                              
  120  Conurus            1   S  and S  E  States     Neotropical 
                                                      
  COLUMB                                               
  COLUMBID                                             
  121  Columba            3   W  and Central States   All regs  but 
                                to Canada               Australian 
  122   Ectopistes        1   E  coast to Cen         
                                plains  Canada and    
                                British Columbia      
  123  Melopelia          1   W  and S  Central       Neotropical 
                                States                
  124  Zenaidura          1   All United States to    Mexico to Veragua 
                                Canada                
  125  Ch  mepelia         1   California and S  E     Neotropical 
                                States                
                                                      
  GALLIN                                               
  TETRAONID                                            
  126  Cyrotonyx          1   S  Central States       Mexico and Guatemala 
  127  Ortyx              5   All United States and   Mexico to Honduras 
                                to Canada               and Costa Rica 
  128  Callipepla         1   California              Mexico 
  129   Lophortyx         2   Arizona and California  
  130   Oreortyx          1   California and Oregon   
  131  Tetrao             3   N  and N  W  America    Pal  arctic 
  132   Centrocercus      1   Rocky Mountains         
  133   Pedioc  tes        2   N  and N  W  America    
  134   Cupidonia         1   E    N  Cen  States     
                                and Canada            
  135  Bonasa             1   N  United States and    Pal  arctic 
                                Canada                
  136  Lagopus            4   Arctic zone and to 39    Pal  arctic 
                                N  Lat  in Rocky      
                                Mountains             
                                                      
  PHASIANID                                            
  137   Meleagris         2   E  and Central States   Mexico  Honduras 
                                to Canada             
  CRACID                                               
        Ortalida          1   New Mexico              Neotropical genus 
                                                      
  ACCIPITRES                                          
  VULTURID                                             
   Sub Family                                         
   CATHARTIN                                           
  138  Catharista         1   United States to        Neotropical 
                                40   N  Lat            
  139  Psuedogryphis      2   United States to        Neotropical 
                                49   N  Lat            
                                                      
  FALCONID                                             
  140  Polyborus          1   S  States to Florida    Neotropical 
                                  California          
  141  Circus             1   All N  America          Nearly cosmopolite 
  142  Antenor            2   California and Texas    Neotropical 
  143  Astur              1   All N  America          Almost cosmopolite 
  144  Accipiter          3   All temperate           Almost cosmopolite 
                                N  America            
  145  Tachytriorchis     1   New Mexico to           Neotropical 
                                California            
  146  Buteo             12   All N  America          All regs  but 
                                                        Australian 
  147  Archibuteo         3   All N  America N        Pal  arctic 
  148  Asturina           1   S  E  States            Neotropical 
  149  Aquila             1   The whole region        Pal  arc   Ethiop   
                                                        Indian 
  150  Hali  etus          2   All N  America          All regs  but 
                                                        Neotropical 
  151  Nauclerus          1   E  coast to             Neotropical 
                                Pennsylvania and      
                                Wisconsin             
        Rostrhamus        1   Florida                 Neotropical 
  152  Elanus             1   Southern and Western    Tropical regions 
                                States                
  153  Ictinia            1   Southern States         Neotropical 
  154  Falco              7   The whole region        Almost cosmopolite 
  155  Hierofalco         2   N  of N  America        N  Pal  arctic 
  156  Cerchneis          1   All N  America          Almost cosmopolite 
                                                      
  PANDIONID                                            
  157  Pandion            1   Temperate N             America Cosmopolite 
                                                      
  STRIGID                                              
  158  Surnia             1   Arctic   N  Temperate   N  Pal  arctic 
                                America               
  159  Nyctea             1   S  Carolina to          N  Pal  arctic 
                                Greenland             
  160  Glaucidium         1   Oregon and California   Neotropical  
                                                        Pal  arctic 
  161   Micrathene        1   Arizona and New Mexico  Mexico 
  162  Pholeoptynx        1   N  W  America  Texas    Neotropical 
  163  Bubo               1   All N  America          All regs  but 
                                                        Australian 
  164  Scops              2   The whole region        Almost cosmopolite 
  165  Syrnium            2   E  States  California   All regs  but 
                                Canada                  Australian 
  166  Asio               2   The whole region        All regs  but 
                                                        Australian 
  167  Nyctale            3   All N  America          Pal  arctic 
  168  Strix              1   Temperate N  America    Almost cosmopolite 
 
   Peculiar or very Characteristic Genera of Wading and Swimming Birds   
 
  GRALL                                                
  SCOLOPACID                                           
    Micropelma            1   N  America              Andes to Chili 
     Philohela            1   Eastern States to       
                                Canada                
                                                      
  CHARADRIID                                           
    Aphriza               1    W  coast of America    West of S  America 
                                                      
  ANSERES                                             
  ANATID                                               
    Aix                   1   N  America              China 
    Bucephala             4   N  America              Europe 
    Oedemia               3   N  America              Europe 
    Harelda               1   Arctic                  Arctic Seas 
    Somateria             5   Arctic                  North Pal  arctic 
     Camptol  mus          1   N  E  America           
                                   extinct            
                                                      
  LARID                                                
     Creagrus             1   California and          
                                N  Pacific coasts     
 
 154 CHAPTER XVI  
 
SUMMARY OF THE PAST CHANGES AND GENERAL RELATIONS OF THE SEVERAL REGIONS  
 
 
Having now closed our survey of the animal life of the whole earth  a 
survey which has necessarily been encumbered with a multiplicity of 
detail  we proceed to summarize the general conclusions at which we have 
arrived  with regard to the past history and mutual relations of the great 
regions into which we have divided the land surface of the globe  
 
All the pal  ontological  no less than the geological and physical evidence  
at present available  points to the great land masses of the Northern 
Hemisphere as being of immense antiquity  and as the area in which the 
higher forms of life were developed  In going back through the long series 
of the Tertiary formations  in Europe  Asia  and North America  we find a 
continuous succession of vertebrate forms  including all the highest types 
now existing or that have existed on the earth  These extinct animals 
comprise ancestors or forerunners of all the chief forms now living in the 
Northern Hemisphere  and as we go back farther and farther into the past  
we meet with ancestral forms of those types also  which are now either 
confined to  or specially characteristic of  the land masses of the 
Southern Hemisphere  Not only do we find that elephants  and rhinoceroses  
and hippopotami  were once far more abundant in Europe than they are now in 
the tropics  but we also find that the apes of West Africa and Malaya  the 
lemurs of Madagascar  the Edentata of Africa and South America  and the 
 155 Marsupials of America and Australia  were all represented in Europe 
 and probably also in North America  during the earlier part of the 
Tertiary epoch  These facts  taken in their entirety  lead us to conclude 
that  during the whole of the Tertiary and perhaps during much of the 
Secondary periods  the great land masses of the earth were  as now  
situated in the Northern Hemisphere  and that here alone were developed the 
successive types of vertebrata from the lowest to the highest  In the 
Southern Hemisphere there appear to have been three considerable and very 
ancient land masses  varying in extent from time to time  but always 
keeping distinct from each other  and represented  more or less completely  
by Australia  South Africa  and South America of our time  Into these 
flowed successive waves of life  as they each in turn became temporarily 
united with some part of the northern land  Australia appears to have had 
but one such union  perhaps during the middle or latter part of the 
Secondary epoch  when it received the ancestors of its Monotremata and 
Marsupials  which it has since developed into a great variety of forms  The 
South African and South American lands  on the other hand  appear each to 
have had several successive unions and separations  allowing first of the 
influx of low forms only  Edentata  Insectivora and Lemurs   subsequently 
of Rodents and small Carnivora  and  latest of all  of the higher types of 
Primates  Carnivora and Ungulata  
 
During the whole of the Tertiary period  at least  the Northern Hemisphere 
appears to have been divided  as now  into an Eastern and a Western 
continent  always approximating and sometimes united towards the north  and 
then admitting of much interchange of their respective faunas  but on the 
whole keeping distinct  and each developing its own special family and 
generic types  of equally high grade  and generally belonging to the same 
Orders  During the Eocene and Miocene periods  the distinction of the 
Pal  arctic and Nearctic regions was better marked than it is now  as is 
shown by the floras no less than by the faunas of those epochs  Dr  
Newberry  in his Report on the Cretaceous and Tertiary floras of the 
Yellowstone and Missouri Rivers  states  that although the Miocene flora of 
Central North  156 America corresponds generally with that of the European 
Miocene  yet many of the tropical  and especially the Australian types  
such as  Hakea  and  Dryandra   are absent  Owing to the recent discovery 
of a rich Cretaceous flora in North America  probably of the same age as 
that of Aix la Chapelle in Europe  we are able to continue the comparison  
and it appears  that at this early period the difference was still more 
marked  The predominant feature of the European Cretaceous flora seems to 
have been the abundance of Proteace    of which seven genera now living in 
Australia or the Cape of Good Hope have been recognised  besides others 
which are extinct  There are also several species of  Pandanus   or 
screw pine  now confined to the tropics of the Eastern Hemisphere  and 
along with these  oaks  pines  and other more temperate forms  The North 
American Cretaceous flora  although far richer than that of Europe  
contains no Proteace   or  Pandani   but immense numbers of forest trees of 
living and extinct genera  Among the former we have oaks  beeches  willows  
planes  alders  dog wood  and cypress  together with such American forms as 
magnolias  sassafras  and liriodendrons  There are also a few not now found 
in America  as  Araucaria  and  Cinnamomum   the latter still living in 
Japan  This remarkable flora has been found over a wide extent of 
country  New Jersey  Alabama  Kansas  and near the sources of the Missouri 
in the latitude of Quebec  so that we can hardly impute its peculiarly 
temperate character to the great elevation of so large an area  The 
intervening Eocene flora approximates closely  in North America  to that of 
the Miocene period  while in Europe it seems to have been fully as tropical 
in character as that of the preceding Cretaceous period  fruits of  Nipa   
 Pandanus    Anona    Acacia   and many Proteace    occurring in the London 
clay at the mouth of the Thames  
 
These facts appear  at first sight  to be inconsistent  unless we suppose 
the climates of Europe and North America to have been widely different in 
these early times  but they may perhaps be harmonised  on the supposition 
of a more uniform and a somewhat milder climate then prevailing over the 
whole Northern Hemisphere  the contrast in the vegetation of these 
countries  157 being due to a radical difference of type  and therefore not 
indicative of climate  The early European flora seems to have been a 
portion of that which now exists only in the tropical and sub tropical 
lands of the Eastern Hemisphere  and  as much of this flora still survives 
in Australia  Tasmania  Japan  and the Cape of Good Hope  it does not 
necessarily imply more than a warm and equable temperate climate  The early 
North American flora  on the other hand  seems to have been essentially the 
same in type as that which now exists there  and which  in the Miocene 
period  was well represented in Europe  and it is such as now flourishes 
best in the warmer parts of the United States  But whatever conclusion we 
may arrive at on the question of climate  there can be no doubt as to the 
distinctness of the floras of the ancient Nearctic and Pal  arctic regions  
and the view derived from our study of their existing and extinct 
faunas  that these two regions have  in past times  been more clearly 
separated than they are now  receives strong support from the unexpected 
evidence now obtained as to the character and mutations of their vegetable 
forms  during so vast an epoch as is comprised in the whole duration of the 
Tertiary period  
 
The general phenomena of the distribution of living animals  combined with 
the evidence of extinct forms  lead us to conclude that the Pal  arctic 
region of early Tertiary times was  for the most part  situated beyond the 
tropics  although it probably had a greater southward extension than at the 
present time  It certainly included much of North Africa  and perhaps 
reached far into what is now the Sahara  while a southward extension of its 
central mass may have included the Abyssinian highlands  where some truly 
Pal  arctic forms are still found  This is rendered probable by the fossils 
of Perim Island a little further east  which show that the characteristic 
Miocene fauna of South Europe and North India prevailed so far within the 
tropics  There existed  however  at the extreme eastern and western limits 
of the region  two extensive equatorial land areas  our Indo Malayan and 
West African sub regions  both of which must have been united for more or 
less considerable periods with the northern continent  They would then have 
received  158 from it such of the higher vertebrates as were best adapted 
for the peculiar climatal and organic conditions which everywhere prevail 
near the equator  and these would be preserved  under variously modified 
forms  when they had ceased to exist in the less favourable and constantly 
deteriorating climate of the north  At later epochs  both these equatorial 
lands became united to some part of the great South African continent  then 
including Madagascar   and we thus have explained many of the similarities 
presented by the faunas of these distant  and generally very different 
countries  
 
During the Miocene period  when a subtropical climate prevailed over much 
of Europe and Central Asia  there would be no such marked contrast as now 
prevails between temperate and tropical zones  and at this time much of our 
Oriental region  perhaps  formed a hardly separable portion of the great 
Pal  arctic land  But when  from unknown causes  the climate of Europe 
became less genial  and when the elevation of the Himalayan chain and the 
Mongolian plateau caused an abrupt difference of climate on the northern 
and southern sides of that great mountain barrier  a tropical and a 
temperate region were necessarily formed  and many of the animals which 
once roamed over the greater part of the older and more extensive region  
now became restricted to its southern or northern divisions respectively  
Then came the great change we have already described  vol  i  p  288   
opening the newly formed plains of Central Africa to the incursions of the 
higher forms of Europe  and following on this  a still further 
deterioration of climate  resulting in that marked contrast between 
temperate and tropical faunas  which is now one of the most prominent 
features in the distribution of animal as well as of vegetable forms  
 
It is not necessary to go into any further details here  as we have 
already  in our discussion of the origin of the fauna of the several 
regions  pointed out what changes most probably occurred in each case  
These details are  however  to a great extent speculative  and they must 
remain so till we obtain as much knowledge of the extinct faunas and past 
geological history of the southern lands  as we have of those of Europe and 
North  159 America  But the broad conclusions at which we have now arrived 
seem to rest on a sufficiently extensive basis of facts  and they lead us 
to a clearer conception of the mutual relations and comparative importance 
of the several regions than could be obtained at an earlier stage of our 
inquiries  
 
If our views of the origin of the several regions are correct  it is clear 
that no mere binary division  into north and south  or into east and 
west  can be altogether satisfactory  since at the dawn of the Tertiary 
period we still find our six regions  or what may be termed the rudiments 
of them  already established  The north and south division truly represents 
the fact  that the great northern continents are the seat and birth place 
of all the higher forms of life  while the southern continents have derived 
the greater part  if not the whole  of their vertebrate fauna from the 
north  but it implies the erroneous conclusion  that the chief southern 
lands  Australia and South America  are more closely related to each other 
than to the northern continent  The fact  however  is that the fauna of 
each has been derived  independently  and perhaps at very different times  
from the north  with which they therefore have a true genetic relation  
while any intercommunion between themselves has been comparatively recent 
and superficial  and has in no way modified the great features of animal 
life in each  The east and west division  represents  according to our 
views  a more fundamental diversity  since we find the northern continent 
itself so divided in the earliest Eocene  and even in Cretaceous times  
while we have the strongest proof that South America was peopled from the 
Nearctic  and Australia and Africa from the Pal  arctic region  hence  the 
Eastern and Western Hemispheres are the two great branches of the tree of 
life of our globe  But this division  taken by itself  would obscure the 
facts  firstly  of the close relation and parallelism of the Nearctic and 
Pal  arctic regions  not only now but as far back as we can clearly trace 
them in the past  and  secondly  of the existing radical diversity of the 
Australian region from the rest of the Eastern Hemisphere  
 
Owing to the much greater extent of the old Pal  arctic region  including 
our Oriental   and the greater diversity of  160 Mammalia it appears to 
have produced  we can have little doubt that here was the earliest seat of 
the development of the vertebrate type  and probably of the higher forms of 
insects and land molluscs  Whether the Nearctic region ever formed one mass 
with it  or only received successive immigrations from it by northern 
land connections both in an easterly and westerly direction  we cannot 
decide  but the latter seems the most probable supposition  In any case  we 
must concede the first rank to the Pal  arctic and Oriental regions  as 
representing the most important part of what seems always to have been the 
Great Continent of the earth  and the source from which all the other 
regions were supplied with the higher forms of life  These once formed a 
single great region  which has been since divided into a temperate and a 
tropical portion  now sufficiently distinct  while the Nearctic region has  
by deterioration of climate  suffered a considerable diminution of 
productive area  and has in consequence lost a number of its more 
remarkable forms  The two temperate regions have thus come to resemble each 
other more than they once did  while the Oriental retains more of the 
zoological aspect of the great northern regions of Miocene times  The 
Ethiopian  from having been once an insular region  where lower types of 
vertebrates alone prevailed  has been so overrun with higher types from the 
old Pal  arctic and Oriental lands that it now rivals  or even surpasses  
the Oriental region in its representation of the ancient fauna of the great 
northern continent  Both of our tropical regions of the Eastern Hemisphere 
possess faunas which are  to some extent  composite  being made up in 
different proportions of the productions of the northern and southern 
continents   the former prevailing largely in the Oriental  while the 
latter constitutes an important feature in the Ethiopian fauna  The 
Neotropical region has probably undergone great fluctuations in early 
times  but it was  undoubtedly  for long periods completely isolated  and 
then developed the Edentate type of Mammals and the Formicaroid type of 
Passerine birds into a variety of forms  comparable with the diversified 
Marsupials of Australia  and typical Passeres of the Eastern Hemisphere  
 161 It has  however  received successive infusions of higher types from 
the north  which now mingle in various degrees with its lower forms  At an 
early period it must have received a low form of Primates  which has been 
developed into the two peculiar families of American monkeys  while its 
llamas  tapirs  deer  and peccaries  came in at a later date  and its 
opossums and extinct horses probably among the latest  The Australian 
region alone  after having been united with the great northern continent at 
a very early date  probably during the Secondary period  has ever since 
remained more or less completely isolated  and thus exhibits the 
development of a primeval type of mammal  almost wholly uninfluenced by any 
incursions of a later and higher type  In this respect it is unique among 
all the great regions of the earth  
 
We see  then  that each of our six regions has had a history of its own  
the main outlines of which we have been able to trace with tolerable 
certainty  Each of them is now characterised  as it seems to have been in 
all past time of which we have any tolerably full record  by well marked 
zoological features  while all are connected and related in the complex 
modes we have endeavoured to unravel  To combine any two or more of these 
regions  on account of existing similarities which are  for the most part  
of recent origin  would obscure some of the most important and interesting 
features of their past history and present condition  And it seems no less 
impracticable to combine the whole into groups of higher rank  since it has 
been shown that there are two opposing modes of doing this  and that each 
of them represents but one aspect of a problem  which can only be solved by 
giving equal attention to all its aspects  
 
 
 
For reasons which have been already stated  and which are sufficiently 
obvious  we have relied almost exclusively on the distribution of living 
and extinct mammalia  in arriving at these conclusions  But we believe they 
will apply equally to elucidate the phenomena presented by the distribution 
of all terrestrial organisms  when combined with a careful consideration of 
the  162 various means of dispersal of the different groups  and the 
comparative longevity of their species and genera  Even insects  which are 
perhaps of all animals the farthest removed from mammalia in this respect  
agree  in the great outlines of their distribution  with the vertebrate 
orders  The Regions are admittedly the same  or nearly the same for both  
and the discrepancies that occur are of a nature which can be explained by 
two undoubted facts  the greater antiquity  and the greater facilities for 
dispersal  of insects  
 
But this principle  if sound  must be carried farther  and be applied to 
plants also  There are not wanting indications that this may be 
successfully done  and it seems not improbable  that the reason why 
botanists have hitherto failed to determine  with any unanimity  which are 
the most natural phytological regions  and to work out any connected theory 
of the migrations of plants  is  because they have not been furnished with 
the clue to the past changes of the great land masses  which could only be 
arrived at by such an examination of the past and present distribution of 
the higher animals as has been here attempted  The difficulties in the way 
of the study of the distribution of plants  from this point of view  will 
be undoubtedly very great  owing to the unusual facilities for distribution 
many of them possess  and the absence of any group which might take the 
place of the mammalia among animals  and serve as a guide and standard for 
the rest  We cannot expect the regions to be so well defined in the case of 
plants as in that of animals  and there are sure to be many anomalies and 
discrepancies  which will require long study to unravel  The Six Great 
Regions here adopted  are however  as a whole  very well characterised by 
their vegetable forms  The floras of tropical America  of Australia  of 
South Africa  and of Indo Malaya  stand out with as much individuality as 
do the faunas  while the plants of the Pal  arctic and Nearctic regions  
exhibit resemblances and diversities  of a character not unlike those found 
among the animals  
 
This is not a mere question of applying to the vegetable kingdom a series 
of arbitrary divisions of the earth which have been  163 found useful to 
zoologists  for it really involves a fundamental problem in the theory of 
evolution  The question we have to answer  is  firstly  whether the 
distribution of plants is  like that of animals  mainly and primarily 
dependent on the past revolutions of the earth s surface  or  whether 
other  and altogether distinct causes  have had a preponderating influence 
in determining the range and limits of vegetable forms  and  
secondly  whether those revolutions have been  in their general outlines  
correctly interpreted by means of a study of the distribution and 
affinities of the higher animals  The first question is one for botanists 
alone to answer  but  on the second point  the author ventures to hope for 
an affirmative reply  from such of his readers as will weigh carefully the 
facts and arguments he has adduced  
 
 
 
The remaining part of this volume  will consist  of a systematic review of 
the distribution of each family of animals  and an application of the 
principles already established to elucidate the chief phenomena they 
present  The present chapter must  therefore  be considered as the 
conclusion of the argumentative and theoretical part of the present work  
but it must be read in connection with the various discussions in Parts II  
and III   in which the conclusions to be drawn from the several groups of 
facts have been successively given   and especially in connection with the 
general observations at the end of each of the six chapters on the 
Zoological Regions  
 
The hypothetical view  as to the more recent of the great Geographical 
changes of the Earth s surface  here set forth  is not the result of any 
preconceived theory  but has grown out of a careful study of the facts 
accumulated  and has led to a considerable modification of the author s 
previous views  It may be described  as an application of the general 
theory of Evolution  to solve the problem of the distribution of animals  
but it also furnishes some independent support to that theory  both by 
showing what a great variety of curious facts are explained by its means  
and by answering some of the objections   164 which have been founded on 
supposed difficulties in the distribution of animals in space and time  
 
It also illustrates and supports the geological doctrine  of the general 
permanence of our great continents and oceans  by showing how many facts in 
the distribution of animals can only be explained and understood on such a 
supposition  and it exhibits  in a striking manner  the enormous influence 
of the Glacial epoch  in determining the existing zoological features of 
the various continents  
 
And  lastly  it furnishes a more consistent and intelligible idea than has 
yet been reached by any other mode of investigation  of all the more 
important changes of the earth s surface that have probably occurred during 
the entire Tertiary period  and of the influence of these changes  in 
bringing about the general features  as well as many of the more 
interesting details and puzzling anomalies  of the Geographical 
Distribution of Animals  
 
 
 
 
 
 
PART IV  
 
 GEOGRAPHICAL ZOOLOGY   
 
 A SYSTEMATIC SKETCH OF THE CHIEF FAMILIES OF LAND ANIMALS IN THEIR 
GEOGRAPHICAL RELATIONS   
 
 
 167 INTRODUCTION  
 
 
In the preceding part of our work  we have discussed the geographical 
distribution of animals from the point of view of the geographer  taking 
the different regions of the earth in succession  and giving as full an 
account as our space would permit of their chief forms of animal life  Now  
we proceed from the standpoint of the systematic zoologist  taking in 
succession each of the families with which we deal  and giving an account 
of the distribution  both of the entire family and  as far as practicable  
of each of the genera of which it is composed  As in the former part  our 
mode of treatment led us to speculate on the past changes of the earth s 
surface  so here we shall endeavour to elucidate the past migrations of 
animals  and thus  to some extent  account for their actual distribution  
 
The tabular headings  showing the range of the family in each region  will 
enable the reader to determine at a glance the general distribution of the 
group  as soon as he has familiarised himself  by a study of our general 
and regional maps  with the limits of the regions and sub regions  and the 
figures  1 to 4  by which the latter are indicated  Much pains have been 
taken  to give the number of the known genera and species in each family  
correctly  but these numbers must  in most cases  only be looked upon as 
approximations  because  owing to constant accessions of fresh material on 
the one hand  and the discovery that many supposed species are only 
varieties  on the other  such statistics are in a continual state of 
fluctuation  In the number of genera there is the greatest uncertainty  as 
will be seen by the two sets of numbers sometimes given  which denote the 
genera according to different modern authorities  
 
 168 There is also a considerable difference in the dependence to be placed 
on the details given in the different classes of animals  In Mammalia and 
Birds some degree of accuracy has  it is hoped  been attained  the 
classification of these groups being much advanced  and the materials for 
their study ample  In Reptiles this is not the case  as there is no 
recently published work dealing with the whole subject  or with either of 
the larger orders  An immense number of new species and new genera of 
snakes and lizards  have been described in the last twenty years  and Dr  
G  nther  our greatest authority on reptiles in this country  has kindly 
assisted me in incorporating such of these as are most trustworthy  in a 
general system  but until entire Orders have been described or catalogued 
on a uniform plan  nothing more than a general approximation to the truth 
can be arrived at  Still  so many of the groups are well defined  and have 
a clearly limited distribution  that some interesting and valuable 
comparisons may be made  
 
For Fishes  the valuable  Catalogue  of Dr  G  nther was available  and it 
has rarely been attempted to go beyond it  A large number of new species 
have since been described  in all parts of the world  but it is impossible 
to say how many of these are really new  or what genera they actually 
belong to  The part devoted to this Class is  therefore  practically a 
summary of Dr  G  nther s Catalogue  and it is believed that the discoveries 
since made will not materially invalidate the conclusions to be drawn from 
such a large number of species  which have been critically examined and 
classified on a uniform system by one of our most able naturalists  When a 
supplement to this catalogue is issued  it will be easier to make the 
necessary alterations in distribution  than if a mass of untrustworthy 
materials had been mixed up with it  
 
For Insects  excellent materials are furnished  in the Catalogue of Mr  
Kirby for Butterflies and in that of Drs  Gemminger and Harold for 
Coleoptera  I have also made use of some recently published memoirs on the 
Insects of Japan and St  Helena  and a few other recent works  and have  I 
believe  elaborated a more extensive series of facts to illustrate the 
distribution of insects   169 than has been made use of by any previous 
writer  Several discussions on the bearing of the facts of insect 
distribution  will also be found under the several Regions  in the 
preceding part of this work  
 
Terrestrial Mollusca form a group  as to the treatment of which I have most 
misgivings  owing to my almost entire ignorance of Malacology  and the 
great changes recently made in the classification of shells  There is also 
much uncertainty as to genera and sub genera  which is very puzzling to one 
who merely wishes to get at general results  Finding it impossible to 
incorporate the new matter with the old  or to harmonise the different 
classifications of modern conchologists  I thought it better to confine 
myself to the standard works of Martens and Pfeiffer  with such additions 
of new species as I could make without fear of going far wrong  In some 
cases I have made use of recent monographs  especially on the shells of 
Europe  North America  the West Indian Islands  and the Sandwich Islands  
and have  I venture to hope  not fallen into much error in the general 
conclusions at which I have arrived  
 
 
 
 
 170 CHAPTER XVII  
 
THE DISTRIBUTION OF THE FAMILIES AND GENERA OF MAMMALIA  
 
 
 
 Order I   PRIMATES   
 
FAMILY 1   SIMIID     4 Genera  12 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                         2              3  4              
                                                               
 
The Simiid    or Anthropoid Apes  comprehend those forms of the monkey tribe 
which  in general organization  approach nearest to man  They inhabit the 
tropics of the Old World  and are most abundant near the equator  but they 
are limited to certain districts  being quite unknown in eastern and 
southern Africa  and the whole peninsula of Hindostan  
 
The genus  Troglodytes   or  Mimetes   as it is sometimes named  
comprehends the chimpanzee and gorilla  It is confined to the West African 
sub region  being found on the coast about 12   North and South of the 
equator  from the Gambia to Benguela  and as far inland as the great 
equatorial forests extend  There are perhaps other species of chimpanzee  
since Livingstone met with what he supposed to be a new species in the 
forest region west of Lake Tanganyika  while Dr  Schweinfurth found one in 
the country beyond the western watershed of the Nile  The gorilla is 
confined within narrower limits on and near the equator  
 
 171 We have to pass over more than 70   of longitude before we again meet 
with Anthropoid Apes  in the northern part of Sumatra  where a specimen of 
the orang utan   Simia satyrus   now in the Calcutta Museum  was obtained 
by Dr  Abel  and described by him in the  Asiatic Researches   vol  
xv   and in Borneo  from which latter island almost all the specimens in 
European museums have been derived  There are supposed to be two species of 
 Simia  in Borneo  a larger and a smaller  but their distinctness is not 
admitted by all naturalists  Both appear to be confined to the swampy 
forests near the north  west  and south coasts  
 
The Gibbons  or long armed apes  forming the genus  Hylobates    7 species  
are found in all the large islands of the Indo Malayan sub region  except 
the Philippines  and also in Sylhet and Assam south of the Brahmaputra 
river  eastward to Cambodja and South China to the west of Canton  and in 
the island of Hainan  
 
The Siamang   Siamanga syndactyla   presents some anatomical peculiarities  
and has the second and third toes united to the last joint  but in general 
form and structure it does not differ from  Hylobates   It is the largest 
of the long armed apes  and inhabits Sumatra and the Malay peninsula  
 
 
FAMILY 2   SEMNOPITHECID     2 Genera  30 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                   4  1  2        1  2  3  4              
                                                               
 
The Semnopithecid    are long tailed monkeys without cheek pouches  and with 
rather rounded faces  the muzzle not being prominent  They have nearly the 
same distribution as the last family  but are more widely dispersed in both 
Africa and Asia  one species just entering the Pal  arctic region  
 
The Eastern genus  Presbytes  or  Semnopithecus   29 species   is spread 
over almost the whole of the Oriental region wherever the forests are 
extensive  They extend along the Himalayas to beyond Simla  where a species 
has been observed at an altitude of 11 000  172 feet  playing among 
fir trees laden with snow wreaths  On the west side of India they are not 
found to the north of 14   N  latitude  On the east they extend into Arakan  
and to Borneo and Java  but not apparently into Siam or Cambodja  Along the 
eastern extension of the Himalayas they again occur in East Thibet  a 
remarkable species with a large upturned nose   S  roxellana   having been 
discovered by P  re David at Moupin  about Lat  32   N   in the highest 
forests  where the winters are severe and last for several months  and 
where the vegetation  and the other forms of animal life  are wholly those 
of the Pal  arctic region  It is very curious that this species should 
somewhat resemble the young state of the proboscis monkey   S  nasalis    
which inhabits one of the most uniform  damp  and hot climates on the 
globe  the river swamps of Borneo  
 
 Colobus   the African genus  11 species   is very closely allied to the 
preceding  differing chiefly in the thumb being absent or rudimentary  They 
are confined to the tropical regions  Abyssinia on the east  and from the 
Gambia to Angola and the island of Fernando Po  on the west  
 
 
FAMILY 3   CYNOPITHECID     7 Genera  67 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                              2    4  1  2  3     1  2  3  4  1          
                                                               
 
This family comprehends all the monkeys with cheek pouches  and the 
baboons  Some of these have very long tails  some none  some are dog faced  
others tolerably round faced  but there are so many transitions from one to 
the other  and such a general agreement in structure  that they are now 
considered to form a very natural family  Their range is more extensive 
than any other family of Quadrumana  since they not only occur in every 
part of the Ethiopian and Oriental regions  but enter the Pal  arctic region 
in the east and west  and the Australian region as far as the islands of 
Timor and Batchian  The African genera  173 are  Myiopithecus   
 Cercopithecus    Cercocebus    Theropithecus   and  Cynocephalus   the 
Oriental genera   Macacus   and  Cynopithecus   
 
 Myiopithecus   1 species   consisting of the talapoin monkey of West 
Africa  differs from the other African monkeys in the structure of the last 
molar tooth  in the large ears  short face  and wide internasal septum  in 
this respect  as well as in its grace and gentleness  resembling some of 
the American monkeys  
 
 Cercopithecus   24 species   contains all the more graceful and prettily 
coloured monkeys of tropical Africa  and comprises the guenons  the 
white nosed  and the green monkeys  They range from the Gambia to the 
Congo  and from Abyssinia to the Zambesi  
 
 Cercocebus   5 species   the mangabeys  of West Africa  are very closely 
allied to the eastern genus  Macacus   
 
 Theropithecus   2 species   including the gelada of Abyssinia and an 
allied species  resemble in form the baboons  but have the nostrils placed 
as in the last genus  
 
 Cynocephalus   10 species   the baboons  are found in all parts of Africa  
They consist of animals which vary much in appearance  but which agree in 
having an elongated dog like muzzle with terminal nostrils  and being of 
terrestrial habits  Some of the baboons are of very large size  the 
mandrill   C  maimon   being only inferior to the orang and gorilla  
 
 Macacus   25 species   is the commonest form of eastern monkey  and is 
found in every part of the Oriental region  as well as in North Africa  
Gibraltar  Thibet  North China  and Japan  and one of the commonest 
species   M  cynomolgus   has extended its range from Java eastward to the 
extremity of Timor  The tail varies greatly in length  and in the Gibraltar 
monkey   M  innus   is quite absent  A remarkable species clothed with very 
thick fur  has lately been discovered in the snowy mountains of eastern 
Thibet  
 
 Cynopithecus     2 sp     This genus consists of a black baboon like Ape  
inhabiting Celebes  Batchian  and the Philippine Islands  but perhaps 
introduced by man into the latter islands and into Batchian  It is doubtful 
if there is more than one species  The tail of this animal is a fleshy 
tubercle  the nostrils as in  Macacus   but the muzzle is very prominent  
and the  174 development of the maxillary bones into strong lateral ridges 
corresponds to the structure of the most typical baboons  This species 
extends further east than any other quadrumanous animal  
 
 
FAMILY 4   CEBID     10 Genera  78 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3                                                                 
                                                               
 
The Cebid    which comprehend all the larger American Monkeys  differ from 
those of the Old World by having an additional molar tooth in each jaw  and 
a broad nasal septum  while they have neither cheek pouches nor ischial 
callosities  and the thumb is never completely opposable  Some have 
prehensile tails  especially adapting them for an arboreal life  They are 
divided into four sub families   Cebin    Mycetin    Pitheciin    and 
Nyctipithecin    The Cebid   are strictly confined to the forest regions of 
tropical America  from the southern part of Mexico to about the parallel of 
30   South Latitude  The distribution of the genera is as follows    
 
 Sub family   Cebin      Cebus   18 sp    is the largest genus of American 
monkeys  and ranges from Costa Rica to Paraguay  They are commonly called 
sapajous   Lagothrix   5 sp    the woolly monkeys  are rather larger and 
less active than the preceding  they are confined to the forests of the 
Upper Amazon Valley  and along the slopes of the Andes to Venezuela and 
Bolivia   Ateles   14 sp    the spider monkeys  have very long limbs and 
tail  They range over the whole area of the family  and occur on the west 
side of the Equatorial Andes and on the Pacific coast of Guatemala  
 Eriodes   3 sp    are somewhat intermediate between the last two genera  
and are confined to the eastern parts of Brazil south of the equator  The 
three last mentioned genera have very powerful prehensile tails  the end 
being bare beneath  whereas the species of  Cebus  have the tail 
 175 completely covered with hair  although prehensile  and therefore not 
so perfect a grasping organ  
 
 Sub family   Mycetin    consists of but a single genus   Mycetes   10 sp    
the howling monkeys  characterized by having a hollow bony vessel in the 
throat formed by an enlargement of the hyoid bone  which enables them to 
produce a wonderful howling noise  They are large  heavy animals  with a 
powerful and perfect prehensile tail  They range from East Guatemala to 
Paraguay   Plate XIV   vol  ii   p  24   
 
 Sub family   Pitheciin    the sakis  have a non prehensile bushy tail  
 Pithecia   7 sp    has the tail of moderate length  while  Brachiurus   5 
sp   has it very short  Both appear to be restricted to the great 
equatorial forests of South America  
 
 Sub family   Nyctipithecin    are small and elegant monkeys  with long  
hairy  non prehensile tails   Nyctipithecus   5 sp    the night monkeys or 
douroucoulis  have large eyes  nocturnal habits  and are somewhat lemurine 
in their appearance  They range from Nicaragua to the Amazon and eastern 
Peru   Saimiris  or  Chrysothrix   3 sp    the squirrel monkeys  are 
beautiful and active little creatures  found in most of the tropical 
forests from Costa Rica to Brazil and Bolivia   Callithrix   11 sp    are 
somewhat intermediate between the last two genera  and are found all over 
South America from Panama to the southern limits of the great forests  
 
 
FAMILY 5   HAPALID     2 Genera  32 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2                                                                    
                                                               
 
The Hapalid    or marmosets  are very small monkeys  which differ from the 
true Cebid   in the absence of one premolar tooth  while they possess the 
additional molar tooth  so that while they have the same number of teeth 
 thirty two  as the Old World monkeys  they differ from them even more than 
do the  176 Cebid    The thumb is not at all opposable  and all the fingers 
are armed with sharp claws  The hallux  or thumb like great toe  is very 
small  the tail is long and not prehensile  The two genera  Hapale   9 
sp    and  Midas   24 sp    are of doubtful value  though some naturalists 
have still further sub divided them  They are confined to the tropical 
forests of South America  and are most abundant in the districts near the 
equator  
 
 
 Sub order  LEMUROIDEA   
 
FAMILY 6   LEMURID     11 Genera  53 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                          1  2  3  4     2  3  4                          
                                                               
 
The Lemurid    comprehending all the animals usually termed Lemurs and many 
of their allies  are divided by Professor Mivart  who has carefully studied 
the group  into four sub families and eleven genera  as follows    
 
 Sub family  Indrisin    consisting of the genus  Indris   5 sp    is 
confined to Madagascar  
 
 Sub family  Lemurin    contains five genera  viz     Lemur    15 sp    
 Hapalemur   2 sp     Microcebus   4 sp     Chirogaleus   5 sp    and 
 Lepilemur   2 sp     all confined to Madagascar  
 
 Sub family  Nycticebin    contains four genera  viz     Nycticebus   3 
sp    small  short tailed  nocturnal animals  called slow lemurs   range 
from East Bengal to South China  and to Borneo and Java   Loris   1 sp    a 
very small  tail less  nocturnal lemur  which inhabits Madras  Malabar  and 
Ceylon   Perodicticus   1 sp    the potto  a small lemur with almost 
rudimentary forefinger  found at Sierra Leone  Plate V   vol  i   p  264   
 Arctocebus   1 sp    the angwantibo   another extraordinary form in which 
the forefinger is quite absent and the first toe armed with a long 
claw   inhabits Old Calabar  
 
 177  Sub family  Galagin    contains only the genus  Galago   14 sp    
which is confined to the African continent  ranging from Senegal and 
Fernando Po to Zanzibar and Natal  
 
 
FAMILY 7   TARSIID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                           4              
                                                               
 
The curious  Tarsius spectrum   which constitutes this family  inhabits 
Sumatra  Banca  and Borneo  and is also found in some parts of Celebes  
which would bring it into the Australian region  but this island is 
altogether so anomalous that we can only consider its productions to have 
somewhat more affinity with the Australian than the Oriental region  but 
hardly to belong to either  The Tarsier is a small  long tailed  nocturnal 
animal  of curious structure and appearance  and it forms the only link of 
connection with the next family  which it resembles in the extraordinary 
development of the toes  one of which is much larger and more slender than 
the rest   Plate VIII   vol  i  p  337   
 
 
FAMILY 8   CHIROMYID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                               4                          
                                                               
 
The Aye aye    Chiromys    the sole representative of this family  is 
confined to the island of Madagascar  It was for a long time very 
imperfectly known  and was supposed to belong to the Rodentia  but it has 
now been ascertained to be an exceedingly specialized form of the Lemuroid 
type  and must be considered to be one of the most extraordinary of the 
mammalia now inhabiting the globe   Plate VI   vol  i   p  278   
 
 
 178  Fossil Quadrumana   
 
Not much progress has yet been made in tracing back the various forms of 
Apes and Monkeys to their earliest appearance on the globe  but there have 
been some interesting recent discoveries  which lead us to hope that the 
field is not yet exhausted  The following is a summary of what is known as 
to the early forms of each family    
 
 Simiid      Two or three species of this family have been found in the 
Upper Miocene deposits of France and Switzerland   Pliopithecus   of which 
a species has been found at each locality  was allied to the gibbons 
  Hylobates    and perhaps to  Semnopithecus   A more remarkable form  
named  Dryopithecus   as large as a man  and having peculiarities of 
structure which are thought by Gervais and Lartet to indicate a nearer 
approach to the human form than any existing Ape  has been found in strata 
of the same age in France  
 
 Semnopithecid      Species of  Semnopithecus  have been found in the Upper 
Miocene of Greece  and others in the Siwalik Hills of N  W  India  also of 
Upper Miocene age  An allied form also occurs in the Miocene of Wurtemburg  
 Mesopithecus  from Greece is somewhat intermediate between  Semnopithecus  
and  Macacus   
 
Remains supposed to be of  Semnopithecus   have also occurred in the 
Pliocene of Montpellier  
 
 Cynopithecid       Macacus  has occurred in Pliocene deposits at Grays  
Essex  and also in the South of France along with  Cercopithecus   
 
 Cebid      In the caves of Brazil remains of the genera  Cebus    Mycetes   
 Callithrix   and  Hapale   have been found  as well as an extinct form of 
larger size   Protopithecus   
 
 Lemuroidea    A true lemur has recently been discovered in the Eocene of 
France  and it is supposed to be most nearly allied to the peculiar West 
African genera   Perodicticus  and  Arctocebus   
 
 C  nopithecus   from the Swiss Jura  is supposed to have affinities both 
for the Lemurid   and the American Cebid    
 
In the lower Eocene of North America remains have been  179 discovered  
which are believed to belong to this sub order  but they form two distinct 
families   Lemuravid   and Limnotherid    Other remains from the Miocene are 
believed to be intermediate between these and the Cebid     a most 
interesting and suggestive affinity  if well founded  For the genera of 
these American Lemuroidea  see vol  i   p  133  
 
 
 General Remarks on the Distribution of Primates   
 
The most striking fact presented by this order  from our present point of 
view  is the strict limitation of well marked families to definite areas  
The Cebid   and Hapalid   would alone serve to mark out tropical America as 
the nucleus of one of the great zoological divisions of the earth  In the 
Eastern Hemisphere  the corresponding fact is the entire absence of the 
order from the Australian region  with the exception of one or two outlying 
forms  which have evidently transgressed the normal limits of their group  
The separation of the Ethiopian and Oriental regions is  in this order  
mainly indicated by the distribution of the genera  no one of which is 
common to the two regions  The two highest families  the Simiid   and the 
Semnopithecid    are pretty equally distributed about two equatorial foci  
one situated in West Africa  the other in the Malay archipelago   in Borneo 
or the Peninsula of Malacca   while the third family  Cynopithecid    ranges 
over the whole of both regions  and somewhat overpasses their limits  The 
Lemuroid group  on the other hand  offers us one of the most singular 
phenomena in geographical distribution  It consists of three families  the 
species of which are grouped into six sub families and 13 genera  One of 
these families and two of the sub families  comprising 7 genera  and no 
less than 30 out of the total of 50 species  are confined to the one island 
of Madagascar  Of the remainder  3 genera  comprising 15 species  are 
spread over tropical Africa  while three other genera with 5 species  
inhabit certain restricted portions of India and the Malay islands  These 
curious facts point unmistakably to the former existence of a large tract 
of land in what is now the Indian Ocean  connecting Madagascar on the one 
hand with Ceylon  and with the Malay countries on the  180 other  About 
this same time  but perhaps not contemporaneously  Madagascar must have 
been connected with some portion of Southern Africa  and the whole of the 
country would possess no other Primates but Lemuroidea  After the 
Madagascar territory  very much larger than the existing island  had been 
separated  a connection appears to have been long maintained  probably by a 
northerly route  between the more equatorial portions of Asia and Africa  
till those higher forms had become developed  which were afterwards 
differentiated into  Simia    Presbytes   and  Cynopithecus   on the one 
hand  and into  Troglodytes    Colobus   and  Cynocephalus   on the other  
In accordance with the principle of competition so well expounded by Mr  
Darwin  we can understand how  in the vast Asiatic and African area north 
of the Equator  with a great variety of physical conditions and the 
influence of a host of competing forms of life  higher types were developed 
than in the less extensive and long isolated countries south of the 
Equator  In Madagascar  where these less complex conditions prevailed in a 
considerable land area  the lowly organized Lemuroids have diverged into 
many specialized forms of their own peculiar type  while on the continents 
they have  to a great extent  become exterminated  or have maintained their 
existence in a few cases  in islands or in mountain ranges  In Africa the 
nocturnal and arboreal  Galagos  are adapted to a special mode of life  in 
which they probably have few competitors  
 
How and when the ancestors of the Cebid   and Hapalid   entered the South 
American continent  it is less easy to conceive  The only rays of light we 
yet have on the subject are  the supposed affinities of the fossil 
 C  nopithecus  of the Swiss  and the Lemuravid   of the North American 
Eocene  with both Cebid   and Lemuroids  and the fact that in Miocene or 
Eocene times a mild climate prevailed up to the Arctic circle  The 
discovery of an undoubted Lemuroid in the Eocene of Europe  indicates that 
the great Northern Continent was probably the birthplace of this low type 
of mammal  and the source whence Africa and Southern Asia were peopled with 
them  as it was  at a later period  with the higher forms of monkeys and 
apes  
 
 
 181  Order II   CHIROPTERA   
 
FAMILY 9   PTEROPID     9 Genera  65 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                   4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3    
                                                               
 
The Pteropid    or fruit eating Bats  sometimes called flying foxes  are 
pretty evenly distributed over the tropical regions of the Old World and 
Australia  They range over all Africa and the whole of the Oriental Region  
and northward  to Amoy in China and to the South of Japan  They are also 
found in the more fertile parts of Australia and Tasmania  and in the 
Pacific Islands as far east as the Marianne and Samoa Islands  but not in 
the Sandwich Islands or New Zealand  
 
The genera of bats are exceedingly numerous  but they are in a very 
unsettled state  and the synonymy is exceedingly confused  The details of 
their distribution cannot therefore be usefully entered into here  The 
Pteropid   differ so much from all other bats  that they are considered to 
form a distinct suborder of Chiroptera  and by some naturalists even a 
distinct order of Mammalia  
 
No fossil Pteropid   have been discovered  
 
 
FAMILY 10   PHYLLOSTOMID     31 Genera  60 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3     1                                                           
                                                               
 
The Phyllostomid    or simple leaf nosed Bats  are confined to the 
Neotropical region  from Mexico and the Antilles to the  182 southern 
limits of the forest region east of the Andes  and to about lat  33   S  in 
Chili  None are found in the Nearctic region  with the exception of one 
species in California   Macrotus Californicus    closely allied to Mexican 
and West Indian forms  The celebrated blood sucking vampyre bats of South 
America belong to this group  Two genera   Desmodus  and  Diphylla   form 
Dr  Peters  family Desmodid    Mr  Dobson  in his recently published 
arrangement  divides the family into five groups   Mormopes  Vampyri  
Glossophag    Stenodermata  and Desmodontes  
 
Numerous remains of extinct species of this family have been found in the 
bone caves of Brazil  
 
 
FAMILY 11   RHINOLOPHID     7 Genera  70 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                          1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2        
                                                               
 
The Rhinolophid    or Horse shoe Bats  so called from a curiously shaped 
membranous appendance to the nose   range over all the Ethiopian and 
Oriental regions  the southern part of the Pal  arctic region  Australia and 
Tasmania  They are most abundant and varied in the Oriental region  where 
twelve genera are found  while only five inhabit the Australian and 
Ethiopian regions respectively  Europe has only one genus and four species  
mostly found in the southern parts  and none going further north than the 
latitude of England  where two species occur  Two others are found in 
Japan  at the opposite extremity of the Pal  arctic region  
 
The genera  Nycteris  and  Megaderma   which range over the Ethiopian and 
Oriental regions to the Moluccas  are considered by Dr  Peters to form a 
distinct family  Megadermid    and Mr  Dobson in his recent arrangement 
 published after our first  183 volume was printed  adopts the same family 
under the name of Nycterid    The curious Indian genus  Rhinopoma   which  
following Dr  J  E  Gray  we have classed in this family  is considered by 
Mr  Dobson to belong to the Noctilionid    
 
 Fossil Rhinolophid      Remains of a species of  Rhinolophus  still living 
in England  have been found in Kent s Cavern  near Torquay  
 
 
FAMILY 12   VESPERTILIONID    18 Genera  200 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
The small bats constituting the family Vespertilionid    have no 
nose membrane  but an internal earlet or  tragus   and often very large 
ears  They range over almost the whole globe  being apparently only limited 
by the necessity of procuring insect food  In America they are found as far 
north as Hudson s Bay and the Columbia river  and in Europe they approach  
if they do not pass the Arctic circle  Such remote islands as the Azores  
Bermudas  Fiji Islands  Sandwich Islands  and New Zealand  all possess 
species of this group of bats  some of which probably inhabit every island 
in warm or temperate parts of the globe  
 
The genus  Taphozous   which  in our Tables of Distribution in vol  i  we 
have included in this family  is placed by Mr  Dobson in his family 
Emballonurid    which is equivalent to our next family  Noctilionid    
 
 Fossil Vespertilionid      Several living European bats of this 
family   Scotophilus murinus    Plecotus auritus    Vespertilio noctula   
and  V  pipestrellus   have been found fossil in bone caves in various 
parts of Europe  
 
Extinct species of  Vespertilio  have occurred in the Lower Miocene at 
Mayence  in the Upper Miocene of the South of France  and in the Upper 
Eocene of the Paris basin  
 
 
 184 FAMILY 13   NOCTILIONID     14 Genera  50 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1              2        1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4           4 
                                                               
 
The Noctilionid    or short headed Bats  are found in every region  but are 
very unequally distributed  Their head quarters is the Neotropical region  
where most of the genera occur  and where they range from Mexico to Buenos 
Ayres and Chili  while in North America there is only one species in 
California  They are unknown in Australia  but one species occurs in New 
Zealand  and another in Norfolk Island  Several species of  Dysopes   or 
 Molossus   inhabit the Oriental region  one or two species being widely 
distributed over the continent  while two others inhabit the Indo Malayan 
Islands  A species of this same genus occurs in South Africa  and another 
in Madagascar and in the Island of Bourbon  while one inhabits Southern 
Europe and North Africa  and another is found at Amoy in China  It will be 
seen therefore  that these are really South American bats  which have a few 
allies widely scattered over the various regions of the globe  Their 
affinities are  according to Mr  Tomes  with the Phyllostomid    a purely 
South American family  The species which forms the connecting link is the 
 Mystacina tuberculata   a New Zealand bat  which may  with almost equal 
propriety be placed in either family  and which affords an interesting 
illustration of the many points of resemblance between the Australian and 
Neotropical regions  
 
Dr  Peters has separated this family into three   Mormopid    which is 
wholly Neotropical  and is especially abundant in the West Indian Islands  
Molossid    chiefly consisting of the genus  Molossus   and Noctilionid    
comprising the remainder of the family  and wholly Neotropical  Mr  Dobson  
however  classes the Mormopes with the Phyllostomid    and reduces the 
 185 Molossi to the rank of a sub family  In our first volume we have 
classed  Rhinopoma  with the Rhinolophid    and  Taphozous  with the 
Vespertilionid    but according to Mr  Dobson both these genera belong to 
the present family  
 
 
 Remarks on the Distribution of the Order Chiroptera   
 
Although the bats  from their great powers of flight  are not amenable to 
the limitations which determine the distribution of other terrestrial 
mammals  yet certain great facts of distribution come out in a very 
striking manner  The speciality of the Neotropical region is well shown  
not only by its exclusive possession of one large family  Phyllostomid     
but almost equally so by the total absence of two others  Pteropid   and 
Rhinolophid     The Nearctic region is also unusually well marked  by the 
total absence of a family  Rhinolophid    which is tolerably well 
represented in the Pal  arctic  The Pteropid   well characterize the tropical 
regions of the Old World and Australia  while the Vespertilionid   are more 
characteristic of the Pal  arctic and Nearctic regions  which together 
possess about 60 species of this family  
 
The bats are a very difficult study  and it is quite uncertain how many 
distinct species are really known  Schinz  in his  Synopsis Mammalium  
 1844  describes 330  while the list given by Mr  Andrew Murray in his 
 Geographical Distribution of Mammalia   1866   contains 400 species  A 
small number of new species have been since described  but others have been 
sunk as synonyms  so that we can perhaps hardly obtain a nearer 
approximation to the truth than the last number  In Europe there are 35 
species  and only 17 in North America  
 
 Fossil Chiroptera    The fossil remains of bats that have yet been 
discovered  being chiefly allied to forms still existing in the same 
countries  throw no light on the origin or affinities of this remarkable 
and isolated order of Mammalia  but as species very similar to those now 
living were in existence so far back as Miocene or even Eocene times  we 
may be sure the group is one of immense antiquity  and that there has been 
ample time for the amount of variation and extinction required to bring 
about  186 the limitation of types  and the peculiarities of distribution 
we now find to exist  
 
 
 Order III   INSECTIVORA   
 
FAMILY 14   GALEOPITHECID     1 Genus  2 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                           4              
                                                               
 
The singular and isolated genus  Galeopithecus   or flying lemur  has been 
usually placed among the Lemuroidea  but it is now considered to come best 
at the head of the Insectivora  Its food however  seems to be purely 
vegetable  and the very small  blind  and naked young  closely attached to 
the wrinkled skin of the mother s breast  perhaps indicates some affinity 
with the Marsupials  This animal seems  in fact  to be a lateral offshoot 
of some low form  which has survived during the process of development of 
the Insectivora  the Lemuroidea  and the Marsupials  from an ancestral 
type  Only two species are known  one found in Malacca  Sumatra  and 
Borneo  but not in Java  the other in the Philippine islands  Plate VIII  
vol  i  p  337   
 
 
FAMILY 15   MACROSCELIDID     3 Genera  10 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                             2         1    3                             
                                                               
 
The Macroscelides  or elephant shrews  are extraordinary little animals  
with trunk like snout and kangaroo like hind legs  They are almost confined 
to South Africa  whence they extend up the east coast as far as the Zambezi 
and Mozambique  A  187 single outlying species of  Macroscelides  inhabits 
Barbary and Algeria  while the two genera  Petrodromus   and  Rhyncocyon   
each represented by a single species  have only been found at Mozambique  
 
 
FAMILY 16   TUPAIID     3 Genera  10 species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                     2  3  4              
                                                               
 
The Tupaiid   are squirrel like shrews  having bushy tails  and often 
climbing up trees  but also feeding on the ground and among low bushes  The 
typical  Tupaia   7 species   are called ground squirrels by the Malays  
They are most abundant in the Malay islands and Indo Chinese countries  but 
one species is found in the Khasia Mountains  and one in the Eastern Ghauts 
near Madras  The small shorter tailed  Hylomys   2 species  is found from 
Tenasserim to Java and Borneo  while the elegant little  Ptilocerus   1 
species  with its long pencilled tail  is confined to Borneo   Plate VIII  
vol  i  p  337   The family is therefore especially Malayan  with outlying 
species in northern and continental India  
 
 Extinct Species     Oxygomphus   found in the Tertiary deposits of 
Germany  is believed to belong to this family  as is  Omomys   from the 
Pliocene of the United States  
 
 
FAMILY 17   ERINACEID     2 Genera  15 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                          1  2  3  4        3     1  2     4              
                                                               
 
The Hedgehogs  comprised in the genus  Erinaceus   14 species   are widely 
distributed over the Pal  arctic  and a part of the  188 Oriental regions  
but they only occur in the Ethiopian region in South Africa and in the 
Deserts of the north  which more properly belong to the Pal  arctic region  
They are absent from the Malayan  and also from the Indo Chinese 
sub regions  except that they extend from the north of China to Amoy and 
Formosa and into the temperate highlands of the Western Himalayas  The 
curious  Gymnura   1 species  is found in Borneo  Sumatra  and the Malay 
peninsula  
 
 Extinct Species    The common hedgehog has been found fossil in several 
Post tertiary deposits  while extinct species occur in the lower Miocene of 
Auvergne and in some other parts of Europe  Many of these remains are 
classed in different genera from the living species     Amphechinus   
 Tetracus    Galerix    
 
 
FAMILY 18   CENTETID     6 Genera  10 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
           4                                   4                          
                                                               
 
The Centetid   are small animals  many of them having a spiny covering  
whence the species of  Centetes  have been called Madagascar hedgehogs  The 
genera  Centetes   2 species    Hemicentetes   1 species    Ericulus   1 
species    Echinops   3 species   and the recently described  Oryzorictes  
 1 species   are all exclusively inhabitants of Madagascar  and are almost 
or quite tail less  The remaining genus   Solenodon   is a more slender and 
active animal  with a long  rat like tail  shrew like head  and coarse fur  
and the two known species are among the very few indigenous mammals of the 
West Indian islands  one being found in Cuba  Plate XVII   vol  ii   p  
67   the other in Hayti  Although presenting many points of difference in 
detail  the essential characters of this curious animal are  according to 
Professors Peters and Mivart  identical with the rest of the Centetid    We 
have thus a most remarkable and well established case of discontinuous 
distribution  two portions of the same family  189 being now separated from 
each other by an extensive continent  as well as by a deep ocean  
 
 Extinct Species    Remains found in the Lower Miocene of the South of 
France are believed to belong to the genus  Echinops   or one closely 
allied to it  
 
 
FAMILY 19   POTAMOGALID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                         2                                
                                                               
 
The genus  Potamogale  was founded on a curious  small  otter like animal 
from West Africa  first found by M  Du Chaillu at the Gaboon  and 
afterwards by the Portuguese at Angola  Its affinities are with several 
groups of Insectivora  but it is sufficiently peculiar to require the 
establishment of a distinct family for its reception   Plate V   vol  i   
p  264   
 
 
FAMILY 20   CHRYSOCHLORID     2 Genera  3 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                            3                             
                                                               
 
The Chrysochlorid    or golden moles  of the Cape of Good Hope have been 
separated by Professor Mivart into two genera   Chrysochloris  and 
 Chalcochloris   They are remarkable mole like animals  having beautiful 
silky fur  with a metallic lustre and changeable golden tints  They are 
peculiar to the Cape district  but one species extends as far north as the 
Mozambique territory  Their dentition is altogether peculiar  so as to 
completely separate them from the true moles  
 
 
 190 FAMILY 21   TALPID     8 Genera  19 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
              1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4                    3                 
                                                               
 
The Moles comprise many extraordinary forms of small mammalia especially 
characteristic of the temperate regions of the northern hemisphere  only 
sending out a few species of  Talpa  along the Himalayas as far as Assam  
and even to Tenasserim  if there is no mistake about this locality  while 
one species is found in Formosa  the northern part of which is almost as 
much Pal  arctic as Oriental  The genus  Talpa   7 species   spreads over 
the whole Pal  arctic region from Great Britain to Japan   Scaptochirus   1 
species  is a recent discovery in North China   Condylura   1 species   the 
star nosed mole  inhabits Eastern North America from Nova Scotia to 
Pennsylvania   Scapanus   2 species  ranges across from New York to St  
Francisco   Scalops   3 species   the shrew moles  range from Mexico to the 
great lakes on the east side of America  but on the west only to the north 
of Oregon  An allied genus   Myogale   2 species   has a curious 
discontinuous distribution in Europe  one species being found in South East 
Russia  the other in the Pyrenees  Plate II   vol  i   p  218   Another 
allied genus   Nectogale   1 species   has recently been described by 
Professor Milne Edwards from Thibet   Urotrichus  is a shrew like mole 
which inhabits Japan  and a second species has been discovered in the 
mountains of British Columbia  an allied form   Uropsilus   inhabits East 
Thibet   Anurosorex  and  Scaptonyx   are new genera from North China  
 
 Extinct Species    The common mole has been found fossil in bone caves and 
diluvial deposits  and several extinct species of mole like animals occur 
in the Miocene deposits of the South of France and of Germany  These have 
been described under the generic names  Dimylus    Geotrypus   
 Hyporissus    Galeospalax   while  Pal  ospalax  has been found in the 
Pliocene forest beds of Norfolk  191 and Ostend  Species of  Myogale  also 
occur from the Miocene downwards  
 
 
FAMILY 22   SORICID     1 Genus  11 Sub genera  65 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
        3     1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4              
                                                               
 
The Shrews have a wide distribution  being found throughout every region 
except the Australian and Neotropical  although  as a species is found in 
Timor and in some of the Moluccas  they just enter this part of the former 
region  while one found in Guatemala brings them into the latter  A number 
of species have recently been described from India and the Malay Islands  
so that the Oriental region is now the richest in shrews  having 28 
species  the Nearctic comes next with 24  while the Ethiopian has 11  and 
the Pal  arctic 10 species  The sub genera are  Crossopus    Amphisorex   
 Neosorex    Crocidura    Diplomesodon    Pinulia    Pachyura    Blarina   
 Feroculus    Anausorex   
 
 Extinct Species    Several species of  Sorex  have been found fossil in 
the Miocene of the South of France  as well as the extinct genera 
 Mysarachne  and  Plesiosorex   and some existing species have occurred in 
Bone Caves and Diluvial deposits  
 
 
 General Remarks on the Distribution of the Insectivora   
 
The most prominent features in the distribution of the Insectivora 
are   their complete absence from South America and Australia  the presence 
of  Solenodon  in two of the West Indian islands while the five allied 
genera are found only in Madagascar  and the absence of hedgehogs from 
North America  If we consider that there are only 135 known species of the 
order  65 of which belong to the one genus  Sorex   while the remaining 26 
genera contain only 70 species  which have to be classed in 8 distinct 
families  and present such divergent and highly specialized forms as 
 Galeopithecus    Erinaceus    Solenodon   and  Condylura   it becomes 
evident that we have here the detached fragments of a much more 
 192 extensive group of animals  now almost extinct  Many of the forms 
continue to exist only in islands  removed from the severe competition of a 
varied mammalian population  as in Madagascar and the Antilles  while 
others appear to have escaped extermination either by their peculiar 
habits  as the various forms of Moles  by special protection  as in the 
Hedgehogs  or by a resemblance in form  coloration  and habits to dominant 
groups in their own district  as the Tupaias of Malay which resemble 
squirrels  and the Elephant shrews of Africa which resemble the jerboas  
The numerous cases of isolated and discontinuous distribution among the 
Insectivora  offer no difficulty from this point of view  since they are 
the necessary results of an extensive and widely spread group of animals 
slowly becoming extinct  and continuing to exist only where special 
conditions have enabled them to maintain themselves in the struggle with 
more highly organized forms  
 
The fossil Insectivora do not throw much light on the early history of the 
order  since even as far back as the Miocene period they consist almost 
wholly of forms which can be referred to existing families  In North 
America they go back to the Eocene period  if certain doubtful remains have 
been rightly placed  The occurrence of fossil Centetid   in Europe  supports 
the view we have maintained in preceding chapters  that the existing 
distribution of this family between Madagascar and the Antilles  proves no 
direct connection between those islands  but only shows us that the family 
once had an extensive range  
 
 
 Order IV  CARNIVORA   
 
FAMILY 23   FELID     3 Genera  14 Sub genera  66 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3     1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3     1  2  3  4              
                                                               
 
The Cats are very widely distributed over the earth  with the exception of 
the Australian region and the island sub region  193 of Madagascar and the 
Antilles  universally  ranging from the torrid zone to the Arctic regions 
and the Straits of Magellan  They are so uniform in their organization that 
many naturalists group them all under one genus   Felis   but it is now 
more usual to class at least the lynxes as a separate genus  while the 
hunting leopard  or cheetah  forms another  Dr  J  E  Gray divides these 
again  and makes 17 generic groups  but as this subdivision is not 
generally adopted  and does not bring out any special features of 
geographical distribution  I shall not further notice it  
 
The genus  Felis   56 species  has the same general range as the whole 
family  except that it does not go so far north  the Amoor river in Eastern 
Asia  and 55   N  Lat  in America  marking its limits   Lyncus   10 species  
is a more northern group  ranging to the polar regions in Europe and Asia  
and to Lat  66   N  in America  but not going further south than Northern 
Mexico and the European shores of the Mediterranean  except the caracal  
which may be another genus  and which extends to Central India  Persia  
North Africa and even the Cape of Good Hope  The lynxes are thus almost 
wholly peculiar to the Nearctic and Pal  arctic regions   Cyn  lurus   1 
species  the hunting leopard  ranges from Southern and Western India 
through Persia  Syria  Northern and Central Africa  to the Cape of Good 
Hope  
 
 Extinct Felid      More than twenty extinct species of true Felid   have 
been described  ranging in time from the epoch of prehistoric man back to 
the Miocene or even the Eocene period  They occur in the south of England  
in Central and South Europe  in North West India  in Nebraska in North 
America  and in the caves of Brazil  Most of them are referred to the genus 
 Felis   and closely resemble the existing lions  tigers  and other large 
cats  Another group however forms the genus  Machairodus   a highly 
specialized form with serrated teeth  Five species have been described from 
Europe  Northern India  and both North and South America  and it is 
remarkable that they exhibit at least as wide a range  both in space and 
time  as the more numerous species referred to  Felis   One of them 
undoubtedly coexisted  194 with man in England  while another  as well as 
the allied  Dinictis   has been found in the Mauvaises Terres of Nebraska  
associated with  Anchitherium  and other extinct and equally remarkable 
forms  which are certainly Miocene if not  as some geologists think  
belonging to the Eocene period  These facts clearly indicate that we have 
as yet made little approach to discovering the epoch when Felid   
originated  since the oldest forms yet discovered are typical and highly 
specialized representatives of a group which is itself the most specialized 
of the Carnivora  Another genus   Pseud  lurus   is common to the Miocene 
deposits of Europe and North America  
 
 
FAMILY 24   CRYPTOPROCTID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                               4                          
                                                               
 
The  Cryptoprocta ferox   a small and graceful cat like animal  peculiar to 
Madagascar  was formerly classed among the Viverrid    but is now considered 
by Professor Flower to constitute a distinct family between the Cats and 
the Civets  
 
 
FAMILY 25   VIVERRID     8 33 Genera  100 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                             2        1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1          
                                                               
 
The Viverrid   comprise a number of small and moderate sized carnivorous 
animals  popularly known as civets  genets  and ichneumons  highly 
characteristic of the Ethiopian and Oriental regions  several of the genera 
being common to both  A species of  Genetta   and one of  Herpestes   
inhabit South Europe  while  Viverra  extends to the Moluccas  but is 
doubtfully indigenous  The extreme geographical limits of the family are 
marked by  195  Genetta  in France and Spain   Viverra  in Shanghae and 
Batchian Island  and  Herpestes  in Java and the Cape of Good Hope  
 
The following are the genera with their distribution as given by Dr  J  E  
Gray in his latest British Museum Catalogue  
 
Sub family VIVERRIN      Viverra   3 species   North and tropical Africa  
the whole Oriental region to the Moluccas   Viverricula   1 species  India 
to Java   Genetta   5 species   South Europe  Palestine  Arabia  and all 
Africa   Fossa   1 species   Madagascar   Linsang   2 species   Malacca to 
Java   Poiana   1 species   West Africa   Galidia   3 species   Madagascar  
 Hemigalea   1 species   Malacca and Borneo   Arctictis   1 species  Nepal 
to Sumatra and Java   Nandinia   1 species   West Africa   Paradoxurus   9 
species   the whole Oriental region   Paguma   3 species   Nepal to China  
Sumatra  and Borneo   Arctogale   1 species   Tenasserim to Java  
 
Sub family HERPESTIN      Cynogale   1 species   Borneo   Galidictis   2 
species   Madagascar   Herpestes   22 species   South Pal  arctic  
Ethiopian  and Oriental regions   Athylax   3 species   Tropical and South 
Africa   Galogale   13 species   all Africa  North India  to Cambodja  
 Galerella   1 species   East Africa   Calictis   1 species   Ceylon      
 Ariella   1 species   South Africa   Ichneumia   4 species   Central  
East  and South Africa   Bdeogale   3 species   West and East Africa  
 Urva   1 species   Himalayas to Aracan   T  niogale   1 species   Central 
India   Onychogale   1 species   Ceylon   Helogale   2 species  East and 
South Africa   Cynictis   3 species   South Africa  
 
Sub family RHINOGALID      Rhinogale   1 species   East Africa   Mungos   3 
species   all Africa   Crossarchus   1 species   Tropical Africa  
 Eupleres   1 species   Madagascar   Suricata   1 species   South Africa  
 
 Fossil Viverrid      Several species of  Viverra  and  Genetta  have been 
found in the Upper Miocene of France  and many extinct genera have also 
been discovered  The most remarkable of these was  Ictitherium   from the 
Upper Miocene of Greece  which has also been found in Hungary  Bessarabia  
and France  Some of the species were larger than any living forms of 
Viverrid    and approached the hy  nas  Other extinct genera are 
 Thalassictis   196 and  Soricictis  from the Upper Miocene  the former as 
large as a panther   Tylodon   of small size  from the Upper Eocene  and 
 Pal  onyctis  from the Lower Eocene  also small and showing a very great 
antiquity for this family  if really belonging to it  
 
 
FAMILY 26   PROTELID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                            3                             
                                                               
 
 
The curious  Proteles  or Aard wolf  a highly modified form of hy  na  
approaching the ichneumons  and feeding on white ants and carrion  is 
peculiar to South Africa  
 
 
FAMILY 27   HY  NID     1 Genus  3 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                             2        1  2  3     1                       
                                                               
 
The Hy  nas are characteristically Ethiopian  to which region two of the 
species are confined  The third   Hy  na striata   ranges over all the open 
country of India to the foot of the Himalayas  and through Persia  Asia 
Minor  and North Africa  Its fossil remains have been found in France  
 
 Extinct Species    The cave hy  na   H  spel  a   occurs abundantly in the 
caverns of this country and of Central Europe  and is supposed to be most 
nearly allied to the  H  crocuta  of South Africa  Another species is found 
in some parts of France  The earliest known true hy  nas occur in the 
Pliocene formation in France  in the Red Crag  Older Pliocene  of England  
and in the Upper Miocene of the Siwalik hills  In the Miocene period in 
Europe  quite distinct genera are found  such as Hy  nictis and  Lyc  na  
from the Upper Miocene of Greece   197  Ictitherium   supposed to be 
intermediate between Viverrid   and Hy  nid    and  Thalassictis   uniting the 
weasels and hy  nas  
 
 
FAMILY 28   CANID     3 Genera  17 Sub Genera  54 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3     1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3     1  2  3  4     2        
                                                               
 
The Canid    comprising the animals commonly known as dogs  wolves  and 
foxes  have an almost universal range over the earth  being only absent 
from the island sub regions of Madagascar  the Antilles  Austro Malaya  New 
Zealand  and the Pacific Islands  With the exception of two remarkable 
forms  the hy  na dog   Lycaon picta    and the great eared fox   Megalotis 
Lalandei    both from South Africa  all the species are usually placed in 
the genus  Canis   the distribution of which will be the same as that of 
the family  Dr  J  E  Gray  in his arrangement of the family  Proc  Zool  
Soc   1868   subdivides it into fifteen genera  the names and general 
distribution of which are as follows    
 
 Icticyon   1 species   Brazil   Cuon   4 species   Siberia to Java  
 Lupus   5 species   North America  Europe  India to Ceylon   Dieba   1 
species   North and West Africa   Simenia   1 species   Abyssinia  
 Chrysocyon   2 species   North and South America   Canis   4 species   
India  Australia  indigenous    Lycalopex   2 species   South America  
 Pseudalopex   5 species   South America and Falkland Islands   Thous   2 
species   South America to Chili   Vulpes   17 species   all the great 
continents  except South America and Australia   Fennecus   4 species   all 
Africa   Leucocyon   1 species   Arctic regions   Urocyon   2 species   
North America   Nyctereutes   1 species   Japan  Amoorland to Canton  Plate 
III   vol  i  p  226   These are all sub genera according to Professor 
Carus  except  Icticyon   The same author makes Lycaon a sub genus  while 
Dr  Gray makes it a sub family  
 
 Extinct Species    The dog  wolf  and fox  are found fossil in 
 198 caverns in many parts of Europe  and several extinct species have been 
found in Tertiary deposits in Europe  North India  and South America  Two 
species have been found so far back as the Eocene of France  but the 
fragments discovered are not sufficient to determine the characters with 
any certainty  In North America  several species of  Canis  occur in the 
Pliocene of Nebraska and La Plata  The genus  Galecynus   of the Pliocene 
of Oeninghen  and  Pal  ocyon   of the Brazilian caves  are supposed to 
belong to the Canid     Amphicyon  abounded in the Miocene period  both in 
Europe and North America  and some of the species were as large as a tiger  
Other extinct genera are   Cynodictis    Cyotherium   and  Galethylax   
from the Eocene of France   Pseudocyon    Simocyon   and  Hemicyon   from 
the Miocene  but all these show transition characters to Viverrid   or 
Ursid    and do not perhaps belong to the present family  
 
 
FAMILY 29   MUSTELID     21 28 Genera  92 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3     1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3     1  2  3  4              
                                                               
 
The Mustelid   constitute one of those groups which range over the whole of 
the great continental areas  They may be divided into three 
sub families  one  the Mustelin    containing the weasels  gluttons  and 
allied forms  a second  the Lutrin    containing the otters  and a third  
often considered a distinct family  the Melinin    containing the badgers  
ratels  skunks  and their allies  
 
In the first group  Mustelin    the genera  Martes  and  Putorius   13 
species   range over all the Pal  arctic region  and a considerable part of 
the Oriental  extending through India to Ceylon  and to Java and Borneo  
Two species of  Martes      Mustela  of Baird  occur in the United States  
The weasels  forming the genus  Mustela   20 species   have a still wider 
range  extending into tropical Africa and the Cordilleras of Peru  but 
 199 not going south of the Himalayas in India  The North American species 
are placed in the genus  Putorius  by Professor Baird  An allied genus  
 Gymnopus   4 species   is confined to the third and fourth Oriental 
sub regions   Gulo   1 species   the glutton  is an arctic animal keeping 
to the cold regions of Europe and Asia  and coming as far south as the 
great lakes in North America   Galictis   2 species   the grisons  are 
confined to the Neotropical region  
 
The Otters  Lutrin    range over the whole area occupied by the family  They 
have been subdivided into a number of groups  such as  Barangia   1 
species   found only in Sumatra   Lontra   containing 3 South American 
species   Lutra   7 species   ranging over the whole of the Pal  arctic and 
Oriental regions   Nutria   1 species   a sea otter confined to the west 
coast of America from California to Chiloe   Lutronectes   1 species   from 
Japan only   Aonyx   5 species   found in West and South Africa  and the 
third and fourth Oriental sub regions   Hydrogale   1 species   confined to 
South Africa   Latax   2 species   Florida and California to Canada and 
British Columbia   Pteronura   1 species   Brazil and Surinam  and 
 Enhydris   1 species   the peculiar sea otter of California  Kamschatka 
and Japan  The last two are the only groups of otters  besides  Lutra   
admitted by Professor Carus as genera  
 
The Badgers and allies  Melinin    have also a wide range  but with one 
exception are absent from South America  They comprise the following 
genera   Arctonyx   1 species   Nepal to Aracan   Meles   4 species   North 
Europe to Japan  and China as far south as Hongkong  Plate I   vol  i   p  
195    Taxidea   2 species   Central and Western North America to 58   N  
Lat    Mydaus   1 species   mountains of Java and Sumatra   Melivora   3 
species   Tropical and South Africa and India to foot of Himalayas  
 Mephitis   12 species   America from Canada and British Columbia to the 
Straits of Magellan  Plate XX   vol  ii   p  136    Ictonyx   2 species   
Tropical Africa to the Cape   Helictis   4 species   Nepal to Java  Formosa 
and Shanghai  Plate VII   vol  i  p  331   
 
 Fossil Mustelid      Species of otter  weasel  badger  and glutton  occur 
in European bone caves and other Post tertiary deposits  and in North 
America  Galictis   now found only in the Neotropical region  and  with 
 Mephitis   occurring in Brazilian caves  
 
 200 Species of  Mustela  have been found in the Pliocene of France and of 
South America  and  Lutra  in the Pliocene of North America  
 
In the Miocene deposits of Europe several species of  Mustela  and  Lutra  
have been found  with the extinct genera  Taxodon    Potamotherium   and 
 Pal  omephitis   as well as  Promephitis  in Greece  
 
In the Upper Miocene of the Siwalik Hills species of  Lutra  and 
 Mellivora  are found  as well as the extinct genera  Enhydrion  and 
 Ursitaxus   
 
The family appears to have been unknown in North America during the Miocene 
period  
 
 
FAMILY 30   PROCYONID     4 Genera  8 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3     1  2  3  4                                                  
                                                               
 
The Procyonid   are a small  but very curious and interesting family of 
bear like quadrupeds  ranging from British Columbia and Canada on the 
north  to Paraguay and the limits of the tropical forests on the south  
 
The Racoons  forming the genus  Procyon   are common all over North 
America  a well marked variety or distinct species inhabiting the west 
coast  and another  most parts of South America  The genus  Nasua   or the 
coatis  5 species    extends from Mexico and Guatemala to Paraguay  The 
curious arboreal prehensile tailed kinkagou   Cercoleptes candivolvus   is 
also found in Mexico and Guatemala  and in all the great forests of Peru 
and North Brazil   Bassaris   2 species   a small weasel like animal with a 
banded tail  has been usually classed with the Viverrid   or Mustelid    but 
is now found to agree closely in all important points of internal structure 
with this family  It is found in California  Texas  and the highlands of 
Mexico  and belongs therefore as much to the Nearctic as to the Neotropical 
region  A second species has recently been described by Professor Peters 
 201 from Coban in Guatemala  in which  country it has also been observed 
by Mr  Salvin  
 
 Fossil Procyonid      A species of  Nasua  has been found in the bone caves 
of Brazil  and a  Procyon  in the Pliocene or Post pliocene deposits of 
Illinois and Carolina  
 
 
FAMILY 31     LURID     2 Genera  2 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                   4                    3                 
                                                               
 
The Panda     lurus fulgens    of the forest regions of the Eastern 
Himalayas and East Thibet  a small cat like bear  has peculiarities of 
organization which render it necessary to place it in a family by itself  
 Plate VII  vol  i  p  331   An allied genus     luropus   a remarkable 
animal of larger size and in colour nearly all white  has recently been 
described by Professor Milne Edwards  from the mountains of East Thibet  so 
that the family may be said to inhabit the border lands of the Oriental and 
Pal  arctic regions  These animals have their nearest allies in the coatis 
and bears  
 
 
FAMILY 32   URSID     5 Genera  or Sub genera  15 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1           1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4              1  2  3  4              
                                                               
 
The Bears have a tolerably wide distribution  although they are entirely 
absent from the Australian and Ethiopian  and almost so from the 
Neotropical region  one species only being found in the Andes of Peru and 
Chili  They comprise the following groups  some of which are doubtfully 
ranked as genera  
 
 Thalassarctos   the polar bear  1 species  inhabiting the Arctic regions  
 Ursus   the true bears  12 species   which range over  202 all the 
Nearctic and Pal  arctic regions as far as the Atlas Mountains  the 
Indo Chinese sub region in the mountains  and to Hainan and Formosa  
 Helarctos   the Malay or sun bear  1 species  confined to the Indo Malayan 
sub region   Melursus  or  Prochilus   the honey bear  1 species   confined 
to the first and second Oriental sub regions  over which it ranges from the 
Ganges to Ceylon  and  Tremarctos   the spectacled bear  commonly known as 
 Ursus ornatus   which is isolated in the Andes of Peru and Chili  and 
forms a distinct group  
 
 Fossil Ursid      Two bears   Ursus spel  us  and  U  priscus   closely 
allied to living species  abound in the Post tertiary deposits of Europe  
and others of the same age are found in North America  as well as an 
extinct genus   Arctodus   
 
 Ursus arvernensis  is found in the Pliocene formation of France  and the 
extinct genus  Leptarchus  in that of North America  
 
Several species of  Amphicyon   which appears to be an ancestral form of 
this family  are found in the Miocene deposits of Europe and N  India  
while  Ursus  also occurs in the Siwalik Hills and Nerbudda deposits  
 
 
FAMILY 33   OTARIID    4 Genera  8 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1            1       4                    3                    2  3    
                                                               
 
The Otariid    or Eared Seals  comprehending the sea bears and sea lions  
are confined to the temperate and cold shores of the North Pacific  and to 
similar climates in the Southern Hemisphere  where the larger proportion of 
the species are found  They are entirely absent from the North Atlantic 
shores  Mr  J  A  Allen  in his recent discussion of this family  Bull  
Harvard Museum  divides them into the following genera    
 
 Otaria   1 species   Temperate South America  from Chili to La Plata  
 Callorhinus   1 species   Behring s Straits and Kamschatka  
 Arctocephalus   3 species   temperate regions of the  203 Southern 
Hemisphere   Zalophus   2 species   North Pacific  from California to 
Japan  and the shores of Australia and New Zealand   Eumetopias   1 
species   Behring s Straits and California  
 
 Fossil Otariid      Remains supposed to belong to this family have been 
found in the Miocene of France  
 
 
FAMILY 34   TRICHECHID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                       4   1    3                                         
                                                               
 
The Morse  or Walrus   Trichecus rosmarus    which alone constitutes this 
family  is a characteristic animal of the North Polar regions  hardly 
passing south of the Arctic circle except on the east and west coasts of 
North America  where it sometimes reaches Lat  60    It is most abundant on 
the shores of Spitzbergen  but is not found on the northern shores of Asia 
between Long  80   and 160   E   or on the north shores of America from 100   
to 150   west  
 
Its remains have been found fossil in Europe as far south as France  and in 
America as far as Virginia  but the small fragments discovered may render 
the identification uncertain  
 
 
FAMILY 35   PHOCID     13 Genera  21 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1       4    1       4  1  2  3  4                             2  3    
                                                               
 
The earless or true Seals are pretty equally divided between the Northern 
and Southern Hemispheres  frequenting almost exclusively the temperate and 
cold regions  except two species said to occur among the West Indian 
islands  The genus  Phoca  and its close allies  as well as  Halichoerus  
and  Pelagius   are  204 northern  while  Stenorhynchus  and  Morunga   
with their allies  are mostly southern  The genera admitted by Dr  Gray in 
his catalogue are as follows    
 
 Callocephalus   3 species   Greenland  North Sea  also the Caspian Sea  
and Lakes Aral and Baikal   Pagomys   2 species   North Sea  North Pacific  
and Japan   Pagophilus   2 species   North Pacific and North Atlantic  
 Halicyon   1 species   North West coast of America   Phoca   2 species   
North Atlantic and North Pacific  Japan   Halichoerus   1 species   
Greenland  North Sea  and Baltic   Pelagius   2 species   Madeira  
Mediterranean  Black Sea   Stenorhynchus   1 species   Antarctic Ocean  
Falkland Islands  New Zealand   Lobodon   1 species   Antarctic Ocean  
 Leptonyx   1 species   Antarctic Ocean  South Australia  East Patagonia  
 Ommatophoca   1 species   Antarctic Ocean   Morunga   2 species   
California  Falkland Islands  Temperate regions of Southern Ocean  
 Cystophora   2 species   North Atlantic  Antilles  
 
 Fossil Seals    Remains of living species of seals have been found in 
Post tertiary deposits in many parts of Europe and in Algeria  as well as 
in New Zealand   Pristiphoca occitana  is a fossil seal from the Pliocene 
of Montpellier  while a species of  Phoca  is said to have been found in 
the Miocene deposits of the United States  
 
 
 General Remarks on the Distribution of the Carnivora   
 
 Terrestrial Carnivora    For the purposes of geographical distribution  
the terrestrial and aquatic Carnivora differ too widely to be considered in 
one view  their areas being limited by barriers of a very different nature  
The terrestrial Carnivora form a very extensive and considerably varied 
group of animals  having  with the doubtful exception of Australia  a 
world wide distribution  Yet the range of modification of form is not very 
great  and the occurrence of three families consisting of but one species 
each  is an indication of a great amount of recent extinction  One of the 
most marked features presented by this group is its comparative scarcity in 
the Neotropical region  only four families being represented there  not 
counting the Ursid    which has only one Andean species   and both genera 
and species are few in number  Even the Procyonid    which are especially 
South  205 American  have but two genera and six species in that vast area  
We might therefore  from these considerations alone  conclude that 
Carnivora are a development of the northern hemisphere  and have been 
introduced into the Neotropical region at a comparatively recent epoch  The 
claim of the Nearctic region to be kept distinct from the Pal  arctic  with 
which some writers have wished to unite it  is well maintained by its 
possession of at least six species of  Mephitis   or skunk  a group having 
no close allies in any other region   and the genera  Procyon  and 
 Bassaris    for the latter  ranging from the high lands of Guatemala and 
Mexico to Texas and California  may be considered a Nearctic rather than a 
Neotropical form  In the other families  the most marked feature is the 
total absence of Ursid   from the Ethiopian region  The great mass of the 
generic forms of Carnivora  however  are found in the Oriental and 
Ethiopian regions  which possess all the extensive group of Viverrid   
 except a few species in the fourth Pal  arctic sub region  and a large 
number of Felid   and Mustelid    
 
 Aquatic Carnivora    The aquatic Carnivora present no very marked features 
of distribution  except their preference for cold and temperate rather than 
tropical seas  Their nearest approximation to the terrestrial group  is 
supposed to be that of the Otariid   to the Ursid    but this must be very 
remote  and the occurrence of both seals and bears in the Miocene period  
shows  that until we find some late Secondary or early Tertiary formation 
rich in Mammalian remains  we are not likely to get at the transition forms 
indicating the steps by which the aquatic Carnivora were developed  The 
most interesting special fact of distribution to be noticed  is the 
occurrence of seals  closely allied to those inhabiting the northern seas  
in the Caspian  Lake Aral  and Lake Baikal  In the case of the two 
first named localities there is little difficulty  as they are connected 
with the North Sea by extensive plains of low elevation  so that a 
depression of less than 500 feet would open a free communication with the 
ocean  At a comparatively recent epoch  a great gulf of the Arctic ocean 
must have occupied the valley of the Irtish  and extended to the Caspian 
Sea  till the elevation of the Kirghiz Steppes cut off the 
 206 communication with the ocean  leaving an inland sea with its seals  
Lake Baikal  however  offers much greater difficulties  since it is not 
only a fresh water lake  but is situated in a mountain district nearly 
2 000 feet above the sea level  and entirely separated from the plains by 
several hundred miles of high land  It is true that such an amount of 
submergence and elevation is known to have occurred in Europe so recently 
as during the Glacial period  but Lake Baikal is so surrounded by 
mountains  that it must at that time have been filled with ice  if at 
anything like its present elevation  Its emergence from the sea must 
therefore have taken place since the cold epoch  and this would imply that 
an enormous extent of Northern Asia has been very recently under water  
 
We are accustomed to look on Seals as animals which exclusively inhabit 
salt water  but it is probably from other causes than its saltness that 
they usually keep to the open sea  and there seems no reason why 
fresh water should not suit them quite as well  provided they find in it a 
sufficiency of food  facilities for rearing their young  and freedom from 
the attacks of enemies  As already remarked in vol  i  p  218  Mr  Belt s 
ingenious hypothesis  founded on personal examination of the Siberian 
Steppes   that during the Glacial period the northern ice cap dammed up the 
waters of the northward flowing Asiatic rivers  and thus formed a vast 
fresh water lake which might have risen as high as Lake Baikal  seems to 
offer the best solution of this curious problem of distribution  
 
 Range of Carnivora in Time    Carnivora have been found in all the 
Tertiary deposits  and comprise a number of extinct genera and even 
families  Several genera of Canid   occur in the Upper Eocene of Europe  but 
the most remarkable fact is  that even in the Lower Eocene are found two 
well marked forms   Pal  onyctis   one of the Viverrid    and  Arctocyon   
forming a distinct family type of very generalized characters  but 
unmistakably a carnivore  This last has been found at La F  re  in the 
north east of France  in a deposit which  according to M  Gaudry  is the 
very lowest of the Lower Eocene formation in Europe   Arctocyon  is 
therefore one of the oldest  if not the very oldest  of the higher forms of 
mammal yet discovered  
 
 
 207  Order V   CETACEA   
 
 
FAMILY 36   BAL  NID     6 Genera  14 Species   
 
GENERAL DISTRIBUTION   Temperate and Cold Seas of both Northern and 
Southern Hemispheres  
 
This family comprises the whalebone or  right  whales  the best known 
species being the Greenland whale   Bal  na mysticetus    Allied species are 
found in all parts of the southern seas  as far north as the Cape of Good 
Hope  while some of the northern species are found off the coast of Spain  
and even enter the Mediterranean  As most of the species indicated are 
imperfectly known  and their classification by no means well settled  no 
useful purpose will be served by enumerating the genera or sub genera  
 
 
FAMILY 37   BAL  NOPTERID     9 Genera  22 Species   
 
GENERAL DISTRIBUTION   Cold and Temperate Seas of both Hemispheres  
 
This family comprises the finner whales and rorquals  and are characterised 
by possessing a dorsal fin and having the baleen or whalebone less 
developed  They are abundant in all northern seas  less so in the southern 
hemisphere  but they seem occasionally to enter the tropical seas  The best 
known genera are  Megaptera   7 species    Physalus   4 species   and 
 Bal  noptera   2 species   all of which have species in the North Sea  
 
 
FAMILY 38   CATODONTID     4 Genera  or Sub Genera  6 Species   
 
GENERAL DISTRIBUTION   All the Tropical Oceans  extending north and south 
into Temperate waters  
 
This family  comprising the cachalots or sperm whales  and black fish  are 
separated from the true whales by having teeth in the lower jaw and no 
whalebone  They are pre eminently a tropical  as distinguished from the two 
preceding which are  208 arctic and antarctic families  The spermaceti 
whale   Catodon macrocephalus   abounds in the Pacific Ocean and in the 
deep Moluccan Sea  and also in the Indian Ocean and the Mozambique Channel  
In the Atlantic it is scarce  although it occasionally comes north as far 
as our shores  
 
The genera of Catodontid   as given by Dr  Gray are   Catodon   2 species    
Warm Eastern Oceans   Physeter   1 species    the black fish   North Sea  
 Cogia   2 species   South Temperate Oceans   Euphysetes   1 species   
Coast of Australia  
 
 
FAMILY 39   HYPEROODONTID     9 Genera or Sub Genera  12 Species   
 
GENERAL DISTRIBUTION   Atlantic  Mediterranean  Indian Ocean  and Southern 
Ocean  
 
This family consists of the beaked whales  which have no permanent teeth in 
the upper jaw  The genera  according to Dr  Gray  are   Hyperoodon   2 
species   bottle nosed whales   North Sea   Lagenocetus   1 species   North 
Sea   Epiodon   2 species   North and South Atlantic   Petrorhynchus   2 
species   Mediterranean Sea and Southern Ocean   Berardius   1 species   
New Zealand   Xiphius   1 species  North Atlantic   Dolichodon   1 
species   Cape of Good Hope   Neoziphius   1 species  Mediterranean  
 Dioplodon   1 species   Indian Ocean  
 
 
FAMILY 40   MONODONTID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
The  Narwhal    Monodon monoceros   which constitutes this family  is 
placed by Dr  Gray along with the  white whales   in his family Belugid    
It inhabits the North Sea  
 
 
FAMILY 41   DELPHINID     24 Genera or Sub Genera  100 Species   
 
GENERAL DISTRIBUTION   All Oceans  Seas  and Great Rivers of the globe  
 
This family  including the Porpoises  Dolphins  White Whales   c   may be 
described as small  fish shaped whales  having teeth  209 in both jaws  
According to Dr  Gray they form seven families and 24 genera  according to 
Professor Carus  four sub families and 8 genera  but as these groups appear 
to be established on quite different principles  and often differ widely 
from each other  I shall simply enumerate Dr  Gray s genera with their 
distribution as given in his British Museum Catalogue  
 
 Platanista   2 species   long snouted porpoises  inhabiting the Ganges and 
Indus   Inia   1 species   a somewhat similar form  inhabiting the upper 
waters of the Amazonian rivers   Steno   8 species   Indian Ocean  Cape of 
Good Hope  and West Pacific   Sotalia   1 species   Guiana   Delphinus   10 
species   all the oceans   Clymenia   14 species   all the oceans  
 Delphinapterus   1 species   South Atlantic   Tursio   7 species   
Atlantic and Indian Oceans   Eutropia   2 species   Chili  and Cape of Good 
Hope   Electra    8 species   all the oceans   Leucopleurus   1 species   
North Sea   Lagenorhynchus   1 species   North Sea   Pseudorca   2 
species   North Sea  Tasmania   Orcaella   2 species   Ganges  
 Acanthodelphis   1 species   Brazil   Phoc  na   2 species   North Sea  
 Neomeris   1 species   India   Grampus   3 species   North Sea  
Mediterranean  Cape of Good Hope   Globiocephalus   14 species   all the 
oceans   Sph  rocephalus   1 species   North Atlantic   Orca   9 species   
Northern and Southern Oceans   Ophysia   1 species   North Pacific  
 Beluga   6 species   Arctic Seas  Australia   Pontoporia   1 species   
Monte Video  
 
 
 Fossil Cetacea   
 
Remains of Cetacea are tolerably abundant in Tertiary deposits  both in 
Europe and North America  In the Lower Pliocene of England  France  and 
Germany  extinct species of five or six living genera of whales and 
dolphins have been found  and most of these occur also in the Upper 
Miocene  along with many others  referred to about a dozen extinct genera  
 
In the Post pliocene deposits of Vermont and South Carolina  several 
extinct species have been found belonging to living genera  but in the 
Miocene deposits of the Eastern United States cetacean remains are much 
more abundant  more than 30 species of  210 extinct whales and dolphins 
having been described  most of them belonging to extinct genera  
 
The Zeuglodontid    an extinct family of carnivorous whales  with 
double fanged serrated molar teeth  whose affinities are somewhat doubtful  
are found in the older Pliocene of Europe  and in the Miocene and Eocene of 
the Eastern United States   Zeuglodon  abounds in the United States  and 
one species reached a length of seventy feet  A species of this genus is 
said to have been found in Malta   Squalodon  occurs in Europe and North 
America  and in the latter country four or five other genera have been 
described  of which one   Saurocetes   has been found also at Buenos Ayres  
 
 
 Order VI   SIRENIA   
 
FAMILY 42   MANATID     3 Genera  5 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
      2    4              1     3     1  2        1  2     4  1          
                                                               
 
The Sea cows are herbivorous aquatic animals living on the coasts or in the 
great rivers of several parts of the globe   Manatus   2 species  inhabits 
both shores of the Atlantic  one species ranging from the Gulf of Mexico to 
North Brazil  and ascending the Amazon far into the interior of the 
continent  while the other is found on the west coast of Africa   Halicore  
 2 species    the Dugong  is peculiar to the Indian Ocean  extending from 
Mozambique to the Red Sea  thence to Western India and Ceylon  the Malay 
Archipelago and the north coast of Australia   Rytina   1 species   
supposed to be now extinct  inhabited recently the North Pacific  between 
Kamschatka and Behring s Straits  
 
 Fossil Sirenia    Extinct species of  Manatus  have been found in the 
Post pliocene deposits of Eastern North America from  211 Maryland to 
Florida  and an extinct genus   Prorastomus   in some Tertiary deposits in 
the Island of Jamaica  
 
In Post pliocene deposits in Siberia  remains of  Rytina  have been found  
while several species of the extinct genus  Halitherium   perhaps 
intermediate between  Manatus  and  Halicore   have been found in the older 
Pliocene and Upper Miocene of France and Germany  
 
 
 Order VII   UNGULATA   
 
FAMILY 43   EQUID     1 Genus  8 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                               LIVING SPECIES  
                                                               
                             2  3     1  2  3                             
                                                               
                              EXTINCT SPECIES  
                                                               
  1  2        1  2  3     1  2  3  4               1    3                 
                                                               
 
The Horses  Asses  and Zebras form a highly specialized group now confined 
to the Ethiopian and Pal  arctic regions  but during the middle and later 
tertiaries having a very extensive range  The zebras  3 species  inhabit 
the greater part of the Ethiopian region  while the asses  4 species  are 
characteristic of the deserts of the Pal  arctic region from North Africa 
and Syria to Western India  Mongolia  and Manchuria  The domestic horse is 
not known in a wild state  but its remains are found in recent deposits 
from Britain to the Altai Mountains  so that its disappearance is probably 
due to human agency  
 
 Extinct Equid      Extinct forms of this family are very numerous  The 
genus  Equus  occurs in Post pliocene and Pliocene deposits in Europe  
North America  and South America  In North America the species are most 
numerous  An allied genus  Hipparion   having rudimentary lateral toes  is 
represented  212 by several species in the Pliocene of North America  while 
in Europe it occurs both in the Older Pliocene and Upper Miocene  Various 
other allied forms  in which the lateral toes are more and more developed  
and most of which are now classed in a distinct family  Anchitherid    range 
back through the Miocene to the Eocene period  A sufficient account of 
these has already been given in vol  i  chap  vi  p  135  to which the 
reader is referred for the supposed origin and migrations of the horse  
 
 
Family 44  TAPIRID     2 Genera  6 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3                                                  4              
                                                               
 
The Tapirs form a small group of animals whose discontinuous distribution 
plainly indicates their approaching extinction  For a long time only two 
species were known  the black American  and the white banded Malay tapir  
the former confined to the equatorial forests of South America  the latter 
to the Malay peninsula  Sumatra  and Borneo  Plate VIII  vol  i  p  337   
Lately however another  or perhaps two distinct species  or according to 
Dr  J  E  Gray  four   have been discovered in the Andes of New Granada and 
Ecuador  at an elevation of from 8 000 to 12 000 feet  while one or perhaps 
two more  forming the allied genus  Elasmognathus   have been found to 
inhabit Central America from Panama to Guatemala  
 
 Extinct Tapirs    True tapirs inhabited Western Europe  from the latest 
Pliocene back to the earliest Miocene times  while they only occur in 
either North or South America in the Post pliocene deposits and caves  The 
singular distribution of the living species is thus explained  since we see 
that they are an Old World group which only entered the American continent 
at a comparatively recent epoch  An ancestral form of this 
group   Lophiodon   is found in Miocene and Eocene deposits of  213 Europe 
and North America  while a still more ancient form of large size is found 
in the Lower Eocene of France and England  indicating an immense antiquity 
for this group of Mammalia  There are many other extinct forms connecting 
these with the Pal  otherid    already noticed in chapter vi   vol  i  pp  
119 125   
 
 
FAMILY 45   RHINOCEROTID     1 Genus  9 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                               LIVING SPECIES  
                                                               
                                      1  2  3           3  4              
                                                               
                              EXTINCT SPECIES  
                                                               
              1  2        1  2  3  4               1    3                 
                                                               
 
Living Rhinoceroses are especially characteristic of Africa  with Northern 
and Malayan India  Four or perhaps five species  all two horned  are found 
in Africa  where they range over the whole country south of the desert to 
the Cape of Good Hope  In the Oriental region there are also four or five 
species  which range from the forests at the foot of the Himalayas 
eastwards through Assam  Chittagong  and Siam  to Sumatra  Borneo and Java  
Three of these are one horned  the others found in Sumatra  and northwards 
to Pegu and Chittagong  two horned  The Asiatic differ from the African 
species in some dental characters  but they are in other respects so much 
alike that they are not generally considered to form distinct genera  In 
his latest catalogue however  1873   Dr  Gray has four genera   Rhinoceros  
 4 species   and  Ceratorhinus   2 species   Asiatic   Rhinaster   2 
species   and  Ceratotherium   2 species   African  
 
 Extinct Rhinocerotid      Numerous species of  Rhinoceros  ranged over 
Europe and Asia from the Post pliocene back to the Upper Miocene period  
and in North America during the Pliocene period  214 only  The hornless 
 Acerotherium  is Miocene only  in both countries  Other genera are 
 Leptodon  from Greece  and  Hyracodon  from Nebraska  both of Miocene age  
More than 20 species of extinct rhinoceroses are known  and one has even 
been found at an altitude of 16 000 feet in Thibet  
 
 
FAMILY 46   HIPPOPOTAMID     1 Genus  2 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                               LIVING SPECIES  
                                                               
                                      1  2  3                             
                                                               
                              EXTINCT SPECIES  
                                                               
                          1  2                     1    3                 
                                                               
 
The Hippopotamus inhabits all the great rivers of Africa  a distinct 
species of a smaller size being found on the west coast  and on some of the 
rivers flowing into Lake Tchad  
 
 Fossil Hippopotami    Eight extinct species of  Hippopotamus  are known 
from Europe and India  the former Post pliocene or Pliocene  the latter of 
Upper Miocene age  They ranged as far north as the Thames valley  An 
extinct genus from the Siwalik Hills   Merycopotamus   according to Dr  
Falconer connects  Hippopotamus  with  Anthracotherium   an extinct form 
from the Miocene of Europe  allied to the swine  
 
 
FAMILY 47   SUID     5 Genera  22 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3        2  3     1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1           
                                                               
 
The Swine may be divided into three well marked groups  from peculiarities 
in their dentition  1  The Dicotylin    or  215 peccaries  1 genus  
 Dicotyles    These offer so many structural differences that they are 
often classed as a separate family  2  The true swine  3 genera   Sus   
 Potamochoerus   and  Babirusa    and  3  The Phacochoerin    or wart hogs 
 1 genus   Phacochoerus    These last are also sometimes made into a 
separate family  but they are hardly so distinct as the Dicotylin    
 
The Peccaries  2 species   are peculiar to the Neotropical region  
extending from Mexico to Paraguay  They also spread northwards into Texas  
and as far as the Red River of Arkansas  thus just entering the Nearctic 
region  but with this exception swine are wholly absent from this region  
forming an excellent feature by which to differentiate it from the 
Pal  arctic  
 
 Sus   14 species   ranges over the Pal  arctic and Oriental regions and 
into the first Australian sub region as far as New Guinea  but it is absent 
from the Ethiopian region  or barely enters it on the north east  
 Potamochoerus   3 species    is wholly Ethiopian  Plate V  vol  i  p  
278    Babirusa   1 species   is confined to two islands  Celebes and 
Bouru  in the first Australian sub region  
 
 Phacochoerus   2 species   ranges over tropical Africa from Abyssinia to 
Caffraria  
 
Dr  J  E  Gray divides true swine   Sus   into 7 genera  but it seems far 
better to keep them as one  
 
 Fossil Suid      These are very numerous  Many extinct species of wild hog 
  Sus    are found in Europe and North India  ranging back from the 
Post pliocene to the Upper Miocene formations  In the Miocene of Europe are 
numerous extinct genera   Bothriodon    Anthracotherium    Pal  ochoerus   
 Hyotherium   and some others  while in the Upper Eocene occur 
 Cebochoerus    Choeropotamus   and  Acotherium    these early forms having 
more resemblance to the peccaries  
 
None of these genera are found in America  where we have the living genus 
 Dicotyles  in the Post pliocene and Pliocene deposits  both of North and 
South America  with a number of extinct genera in the Miocene  The chief of 
these are   Elotherium    Perchoerus    Leptochoerus   and  Nanohyus   all 
from Dakota  and  Thinohyus   from Oregon  One extinct genus   Platygonus   
closely allied to  Dicotyles   is found in the Post pliocene of Nebraska  
 216 Oregon  and Arkansas   Elotherium  is said to be allied to the peccary 
and hippopotamus   Hyopotamus   from the Miocene of Dakota  is allied to 
 Anthracotherium   and forms with it  according to Dr  Leidy  a distinct 
family of ancestral swine  
 
It thus appears  that the swine were almost equally well represented in 
North America and Europe  during Miocene and Pliocene times  but by 
entirely distinct forms  and it is a remarkable fact that these hardy 
omnivorous animals  should  like the horses  have entirely died out in 
North America  except a few peccaries which have preserved themselves in 
the sub tropical parts and in the southern continent  to which they are 
comparatively recent emigrants  We can hardly have a more convincing proof 
of the vast physical changes that have occurred in the North American 
continent during the Pliocene and Post pliocene epochs  than the complete 
extinction of these  along with so many other remarkable types of Mammalia  
 
According to M  Gaudry  the ancestors of all the swine  with the 
hippopotami and extinct  Anthracotherium    Merycopotamus   and many allied 
forms   are the  Hyracotherium  and  Pliolophus   both found only in the 
London clay belonging to the Lower Eocene formation  
 
 
FAMILY 48   CAMELID     2 Genera  6 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                               LIVING SPECIES  
                                                               
  1                          2  3                                         
                                                               
                              EXTINCT SPECIES  
                                                               
  1              2  3  4        3                       3                 
                                                               
 
The Camels are an exceedingly restricted group  the majority of the species 
now existing only in a state of domestication  The genus  Camelus   2 
species   is a highly characteristic desert form  217 of the Pal  arctic 
region  from the Sahara to Mongolia as far as Lake Baikal   Auchenia   4 
species   comprehending the Llamas and Alpacas  is equally characteristic 
of the mountains and deserts of the southern part of South America  Two 
species entirely domesticated inhabit the Peruvian and Bolivian Andes  and 
two others are found in a wild state  the vicuna in the Andes of Peru and 
Chili  Plate XVI  vol  ii  p  40   and the guanaco over the plains of 
Patagonia and Tierra del Fuego  
 
 Extinct Camelid      No fossil remains of camels have been found in Europe  
but one occurs in the deposits of the Siwalik Hills  usually classed as 
Upper Miocene  but which some naturalists think are more likely of Older 
Pliocene age   Merycotherium   teeth of which have been found in the 
Siberian drift  is supposed to belong to this family  
 
In North America  where no representative of the family now exists  the 
camel tribe were once abundant  In the Post pliocene deposits of California 
an  Auchenia  has been found  and in those of Kansas one of the extinct 
genus  Procamelus   In the Pliocene period  this genus  which was closely 
allied to the living camels  abounded  six or seven species having been 
described from Nebraska and Texas  together with an allied form 
 Homocamelus   In the Miocene period different genera 
appear    Poebrotherium   and  Protomeryx    while a  Procamelus  has been 
found in deposits of this age in Virginia  
 
In South America a species of  Auchenia  has been found in the caves of 
Brazil  and others in the Pliocene deposits of the pampas  together with 
two extinct genera   Pal  olama  and  Camelotherium   
 
We thus find the ancestors of the Camelid   in a region where they do not 
now exist  but which is situated so that the now widely separated living 
forms could easily have been derived from it  This case offers a remarkable 
example of the light thrown by pal  ontology on the distribution of living 
animals  and it is a warning against the too common practice of assuming 
the direct land connection of remote continents  in order to explain 
similar instances of discontinuous distribution to that of the present 
family  
 
 
 218 FAMILY 49   TRAGULID     2 Genera  6 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                         2        1  2  3  4              
                                                               
 
The Tragulid   are a group of small  hornless  deer like animals  with tusks 
in the upper jaw  and having some structural affinities with the camels  
The musk deer was formerly classed in this family  which it resembles 
externally  but a minute examination of its structure by M  Milne Edwards  
has shown it to be more nearly allied to the true deer  The Chevrotains  or 
mouse deer   Tragulus   5 species   range over all India to the foot of the 
Himalayas and Ceylon  and through Assam  Malacca  and Cambodja  to Sumatra  
Borneo  and Java  Plate VIII   vol  i  p  337    Hyomoschus   1 species   
is found in West Africa  
 
 Extinct Tragulid      A species of  Hyomoschus  is said to have been found 
in the Miocene of the South of France  as well as three extinct genera  
 Dremotherium   also found in Greece   with  Lophiomeryx  from the Upper 
Miocene  said to be allied to  Tragulus   and  Amphitragulus  from the 
Lower Miocene  of more remote affinities  and sometimes placed among the 
Deer  There seems to be no doubt  however  that this family existed in 
Europe in Miocene times  and thus another case of discontinuous 
distribution is satisfactorily accounted for  
 
 
FAMILY 50   CERVID     8 Genera  52 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3     1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4              1  2  3  4  1           
                                                               
 
The Cervid    or deer tribe  are an extensive group of animals equally 
adapted for inhabiting forests or open plains  the Arctic  219 regions or 
the Tropics  They range in fact over the whole of the great continents of 
the globe  with the one striking exception of Africa  where they are only 
found on the shores of the Mediterranean which form part of the Pal  arctic 
region  The following is the distribution of the genera  
 
 Alces   1 species   the elk or moose  ranges all over Northern Europe and 
Asia  as far south as East Prussia  the Caucasus  and North China  and over 
Arctic America to Maine on the East  and British Columbia on the west  The 
American species may however be distinct  although very closely allied to 
that of Europe   Tarandus   1 species   the reindeer  has a similar range 
to the last  but keeps farther north in Europe  inhabiting Greenland and 
Spitzbergen  and in America extends farther south  to New Brunswick and the 
north shore of Lake Superior  There are several varieties or species of 
this animal confined to special districts  but they are not yet well 
determined   Cervus   40 species   the true deer  have been sub divided 
into numerous sub genera characteristic of separate districts  They range 
over the whole area of the family  except that they do not go beyond 57   N  
in America and a little further in Europe and Asia  In South America they 
extend over Patagonia and even to Tierra del Fuego  They are found in the 
north of Africa  and over the whole of the Oriental region  and beyond it 
as far as the Moluccas and Timor  where however they have probably been 
introduced by man at an early period   Dama   1 species   the fallow deer  
is a native of the shores of the Mediterranean  from Spain and Barbary to 
Syria   Capreolus   2 species   the roe deer  inhabits all Temperate and 
South Europe to Syria  with a distinct species in N  China   Cervulus   4 
species   the muntjacs  are found in all the forest districts of the 
Oriental region  from India and Ceylon to China as far north as Ningpo and 
Formosa  also southward to the Philippines  Borneo  and Java   Moschus   1 
species   the musk deer  inhabits Central Asia from the Amoor and Pekin  to 
the Himalayas and the Siamese mountains above 8000 ft  elevation  This is 
usually classed as a distinct family  but M  Milne Edwards remarks  that it 
differs in no important points of organisation from the rest of the 
Cervid     Hydropotes   220  1 species  inhabits China from the Yang tse 
Kiang northwards  This new genus has recently been discovered by Mr  
Swinhoe  who says its nearest affinities are with  Moschus   Other new 
forms are  Lophotragus   and  Elaphodus   both inhabiting North China  the 
former is hornless  the latter has very small horns about an inch long  
 
 Extinct Deer    Numerous extinct species of the genus  Cervus  are found 
fossil in many parts of Europe  and in all formations between the 
Post pliocene and the Upper Miocene  The Elk and Reindeer are also found in 
caves and Post pliocene deposits  the latter as far south as the South of 
France  Extinct genera only  occur in the Upper Miocene in various parts of 
Europe    Micromeryx    Pal  omeryx   and  Dicrocercus  have been described  
with others referred doubtfully to  Moschus   and an allied genus 
 Amphimoschus   
 
In N  America  remains of this family are very scarce  a  Cervus  allied to 
the existing wapiti deer  being found in Post pliocene deposits  and an 
extinct genus   Leptomeryx   in the Upper Miocene of Dakota and Oregon  
Another extinct genus   Merycodus   from the Pliocene of Oregon  is said to 
be allied to camels and deer  
 
In South America  several species of  Cervus  have been found in the 
Brazilian caves  and in the Pliocene deposits of La Plata  
 
It thus appears  that there are not yet sufficient materials for 
determining the origin and migrations of the Cervid    There can be little 
doubt that they are an Old World group  and a comparatively recent 
development  and that some time during the Miocene period they passed to 
North America  and subsequently to the Southern continent  They do not 
however appear to have developed much in North America  owing perhaps to 
their finding the country already amply stocked with numerous forms of 
indigenous Ungulates  
 
 
 221 FAMILY 51   CAMELOPARDALID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                               LIVING SPECIES  
                                                               
                                      1     3                             
                                                               
                              EXTINCT SPECIES  
                                                               
                             2        1                 3                 
                                                               
 
The Camelopardalid    or giraffes  now consist of but a single species which 
ranges over all the open country of the Ethiopian region  and is therefore 
almost absent from West Africa  which is more especially a forest district  
During the Middle Tertiary period  however  these animals had a wider 
range  over Southern Europe and Western India as far as the slopes of the 
Himalayas  
 
 Extinct Species    Species of  Camelopardalis  have been found in Greece  
the Siwalik Hills  and Perim Island at the entrance to the Red Sea  and an 
extinct genus   Helladotherium   more bulky but not so tall as the giraffe  
ranged from the south of France to Greece and North west India  
 
 
FAMILY 52   BOVID     34 Genera  149 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
               1  2    4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3     1  2  3  4  1          
                                                               
 
This large and important family  includes all the animals commonly known as 
oxen  buffaloes  antelopes  sheep  and goats  which have been classed by 
many naturalists in at least three  and sometimes four or five  distinct 
families  Zoologically  they  222 are briefly and accurately defined as  
 hollow horned ruminants   and  although they present wide differences in 
external form  they grade so insensibly into each other  that no 
satisfactory definition of the smaller family groups can be found  As a 
whole they are almost confined to the great Old World continent  only a few 
forms extending along the highlands and prairies of the Nearctic region  
while one peculiar type is found in Celebes  an island which is almost 
intermediate between the Oriental and Australian regions  In each of the 
Old World regions there are found a characteristic set of types  Antelopes 
prevail in the Ethiopian region  sheep and goats in the Pal  arctic  while 
the oxen are perhaps best developed in the Oriental region  
 
Sir Victor Brooke  who has paid special attention to this family  divides 
them into 13 sub families  and I here adopt the arrangement of the genera 
and species which he has been so good as to communicate to me in MSS  
 
Sub family I  BOVIN    6 genera  13 species   This group is one of the best 
marked in the family  It comprises the Oxen and Buffaloes with their 
allies  and has a distribution very nearly the same as that of the entire 
family  The genera are as follows  BOS  1 sp    now represented by our 
domestic cattle  the descendants of the  Bos primigenius   which ranged 
over a large part of Central Europe in the time of the Romans  The 
Chillingham wild cattle are supposed to be the nearest approach to the 
original species   Bison   2 sp    one still wild in Poland and the 
Caucasus  the other in North America  ranging over the prairies west of the 
Mississippi  and on the eastern slopes of the Rocky Mountains  Plate XIX   
vol  ii   p  129    Bibos   3 sp    the Indian wild cattle  ranging over a 
large part of the Oriental region  from Southern India to Assam  Burmah  
the Malay Peninsula  Borneo  and Java   Poephagus   1 sp    the yak  
confined to the high plains of Western Thibet   Bubalus   5 sp    the 
buffaloes  of which three species are African  ranging over all the 
continental parts of the Ethiopian region  one Northern and Central Indian  
and the domesticated animal in South Europe and North Africa   Anoa   1 
sp    the small wild cow of Celebes   223 a very peculiar form more nearly 
allied to the buffaloes than to any other type of oxen  
 
Sub family II  TRAGELAPHIN     3 genera  11 species   The Bovine Antelopes 
are large and handsome animals  mostly Ethiopian  but extending into the 
adjacent parts of the Pal  arctic and Oriental regions  The genera are  
 Oreas   2 sp    elands  inhabiting all Tropical and South Africa  
 Tragelaphus   8 sp    including the bosch bok  kudu  and other large 
antelopes  ranges over all Tropical and South Africa  Plate IV   vol  i   
p  261    Portax   1 sp   India  but rare in Madras and north of the 
Ganges  
 
Sub family III  ORYGIN     2 genera  5 species    Oryx   4 sp   is a desert 
genus  ranging over all the African deserts to South Arabia and Syria  
 Addax   1 sp   inhabits North Africa  North Arabia  and Syria  
 
Sub family IV  HIPPOTRAGIN    1 genus  3 species   The Sable Antelopes  
 Hippotragus   form an isolated group inhabiting the open country of 
Tropical Africa and south to the Cape  
 
Sub family V  GAZELLIN    6 genera  23 species   This is a group of small or 
moderate sized animals  most abundant in the deserts on the borders of the 
Pal  arctic  Oriental  and Ethiopian regions   Gazella   17 sp   is 
typically a Pal  arctic desert group  ranging over the great desert plateaus 
of North Africa  from Senegal and Abyssinia to Syria  Persia  Beloochistan  
and the plains of India  with one outlying species in South Africa  
 Procapra   2 sp    Western Thibet and Mongolia to about 110   east 
longitude   Antilope   1 sp   inhabits all the plains of India     pyceros  
 1 sp   the pallah  inhabits the open country of South and South east 
Africa   Saiga   1 sp   a singular sheep faced antelope  which inhabits the 
steppes of Eastern Europe and Western Asia from Poland to the Irtish River  
south of 55   north latitude   Plate II   vol  i   p  218    Panthalops   1 
sp   confined to the highlands of Western Thibet and perhaps Turkestan  
 
Sub family VI  ANTILOCAPRIN    1 genus  1 species    Antilocapra   the 
prong horned antelope  inhabit both sides of the Rocky Mountains  extending 
north to the Saskatchewan and  224 Columbia River  west to the coast range 
of California  and east to the Missouri  Its remarkable deciduous horns 
seem to indicate a transition to the Cervid     Plate XIX   vol  ii   p  
129   
 
Sub family VII  CERVICAPRIN    5 genera  21 species   This group of 
Antelopes is wholly confined to the continental portion of the Ethiopian 
region  The genera are   Cervicapra   4 sp    Africa  south of the equator 
and Abyssinia   Kobus   6 sp    grassy plains and marshes of Tropical 
Africa   Pelea   1 sp    South Africa   Nanotragus   9 species   Africa  
south of the Sahara   Neotragus   1 sp   Abyssinia and East Africa  
 
Sub family VIII  CEPHALOPHIN    2 genera  24 species   Africa and India  
 Cephalophus   22 sp    continental Ethiopian region   Tetraceros   2 sp   
hilly part of all India  but rare north of the Ganges  
 
Sub family IX  ALCEPHALIN    2 genera  11 species   large African Antelopes  
one species just entering the Pal  arctic region  The genera are  
 Alcephalus   9 sp   all Africa and north east to Syria   Catoblepas   2 
sp    gnus  Africa  south of the Equator  
 
Sub region X  BUDORCIN    1 genus  2 species   Budorcas  inhabits the high 
Himalayas from Nepal to East Thibet  
 
Sub family XI  RUPICAPRIN    1 genus  2 species  the Chamois   Rupicapra   
inhabit the high European Alps from the Pyrenees to the Caucasus   Plate 
I   vol  i   p  195   
 
Sub family XII  NEMORHEDIN    2 genera  10 species   These goat like 
Antelopes inhabit portions of the Pal  arctic and Oriental regions  as well 
as the Rocky Mountains in the Nearctic region   Nemorhedus   9 sp   ranges 
from the Eastern Himalayas to N  China and Japan  and south to Formosa  the 
Malay Peninsula and Sumatra   Aplocerus   1 sp    the mountain goat of the 
trappers  inhabits the northern parts of California and the Rocky 
Mountains  
 
Sub family XIII  CAPRIN    2 genera  23 species   The Goats and Sheep form 
an extensive series  highly characteristic of the Pal  arctic region  but 
with an outlying species on the Neilgherries in Southern India  and one in 
the Rocky Mountains and California  The genera are  Capra   22 sp   and 
 Ovibos   1 sp     225 The genus  Capra  consists of several sub groups 
which have been named as genera  but it is unnecessary here to do more than 
divide them into  Goats and Ibexes  on the one hand and  Sheep  on the 
other  each comprising 11 species  The former range over all the South 
European Alps from Spain to the Caucasus  to Abyssinia  Persia  and Scinde  
over the high Himalayas to E  Thibet and N  China  with an outlying species 
in the Neilgherries  The latter are only found in the mountains of Corsica  
Sardinia  and Crete  in Europe  in Asia Minor  Persia  and in Central and 
North Eastern Asia  with one somewhat isolated species in the Atlas 
mountains  while in America a species is found in the Rocky Mountains and 
the coast range of California   Ovibos   1 sp    the musk sheep  inhabits 
Arctic America north of lat  60  but it occurs fossil in Post glacial 
gravels on the Yena and Obi in Siberia  in Germany and France along with 
the Mammoth and with flint implements  and in caves of the Reindeer period  
also in the brick earth in the south of England  associated with 
 Rhinoceros megarhinus  and  Elephas antiquus   
 
 Extinct Bovid      In the caverns and diluviums of Europe  of the 
Post Pliocene period  the remains are found of extinct species of  Bos   
 Bison   and  Capra   and in the caverns of the south of France 
 Rupicapra   and an antelope near  Hippotragus    Bos  and  Bison  also 
occur in Pliocene deposits  In the Miocene of Europe  the only remains are 
antelopes closely allied to existing species  and these are especially 
numerous in Greece  where remains referred to two living and four extinct 
genera have been discovered  In the Miocene of India numerous extinct 
species of  Bos   and two extinct genera   Hemibos  and  Amphibos   have 
been found  one of them at a great elevation in Thibet  Antelopes  allied 
to living Indian species  are chiefly found in the Nerbudda deposits  
 
In North America  the only bovine remains are those of a  Bison   and a 
sheep or goat  in the Post pliocene deposits  and of two species of 
musk sheep  sometimes classed in a distinct genus  Bootherium   from beds 
of the same age in Arkansas and Ohio   Casoryx   from the Pliocene of 
Nebraska  is supposed to be allied to the antelopes and to deer  
 
 226 In the caves of Brazil remains of two animals said to be antelopes  
have been discovered  They are classed by Gervais in the genera  Antilope  
and  Leptotherium   but the presence of true antelopes in S  America at 
this period is so improbable  that there is probably some error of 
identification  
 
The extinct family Sivatherid    containing the extraordinary and gigantic 
four horned  Sivatherium  and  Bramatherium   of the Siwalik deposits  are 
most nearly allied to the antelopes  
 
From the preceding facts we may conclude  that the great existing 
development of the Bovid   is comparatively recent  The type may have 
originated early in the Miocene period  the oxen being at first most 
tropical  while the antelopes inhabited the desert zone a little further 
north  The sheep and goats seem to be the most recent development of the 
bovine type  which was probably long confined to the Eastern Hemisphere  
 
 
 General Remarks on the Distribution of the Ungulata   
 
With the exception of the Australian region  from which this order of 
mammalia is almost entirely wanting  the Ungulata are almost universally 
distributed over the continental parts of all the other regions  Of the ten 
families  7 are Ethiopian  6 Oriental  5 Pal  arctic  4 Neotropical  and 3 
Nearctic  The Ethiopian region owes its superiority to the exclusive 
possession of the hippopotamus and giraffe  both of which inhabited the 
Pal  arctic and Oriental regions in Miocene times  The excessive poverty of 
the Nearctic region in this order is remarkable  the swine being 
represented only by  Dicotyles  in its extreme southern portion  while the 
Bovid   are restricted to four isolated species  Deer alone are fairly well 
represented  But  during the Eocene and Miocene periods  North America was 
wonderfully rich in varied forms of Ungulates  of which there were at least 
8 or 9 families  while we have reason to believe that during the same 
periods the Ethiopian region was excessively poor  and that it probably 
received the ancestors of all its existing families from Europe or Western 
Asia in later Miocene or Pliocene times  Many types that once abounded in 
both Europe and North America are now preserved only in South America and 
Central or Tropical Asia   as  227 the tapirs and camels  while others once 
confined to Europe and Asia have found a refuge in Africa   as the 
hippopotamus and giraffe  so that in no other order do we find such 
striking examples of those radical changes in the distribution of the 
higher animals which were effected during the latter part of the Tertiary 
period  The present distribution of this order is  in fact  utterly 
unintelligible without reference to the numerous extinct forms of existing 
and allied families  but as this subject has been sufficiently discussed in 
the Second Part of this work  Chapters VI  and VII   it is unnecessary to 
give further details here  
 
 
 Order VIII   PROBOSCIDEA   
 
FAMILY 53   ELEPHANTID     1 Genus  2 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                               LIVING SPECIES  
                                                               
                                      1  2  3     1  2  3  4              
                                                               
                              EXTINCT SPECIES  
                                                               
  1  2        1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1           1     3                 
                                                               
 
The elephants are now represented by two species  the African  which ranges 
all over that continent south of the Sahara  and the Indian  which is found 
over all the wooded parts of the Oriental region  from the slopes of the 
Himalayas to Ceylon  and eastward  to the frontiers of China and to Sumatra 
and Borneo  These  however  are but the feeble remnants of a host of 
gigantic creatures  which roamed over all the great continents except 
Australia during the Tertiary period  and several of which were 
contemporary with man  
 
 Extinct Elephants    At least 14 extinct species of  Elephas   and a 
rather greater number of the allied genus  Mastodon   distinguished by 
their less complex grinding teeth  have now been  228 discovered  Elephants 
ranged over all the Pal  arctic and Nearctic regions in Post Pliocene times  
in Europe and Central India they go back to the Pliocene  and only in India 
to the Upper Miocene period  the number of species increasing as we go back 
to the older formations  
 
In North America two or three species of  Mastodon  are Post pliocene and 
Pliocene  and a species is found in the caves of Brazil  and in the 
Pliocene deposits of the pampas of La Plata  of the Bolivian Andes  and of 
Honduras and the Bahamas  In Europe the genus is Upper Miocene and 
Pliocene  but is especially abundant in the former period  In the East  it 
extends from Perim island to Burmah and over all India  and is mostly 
Miocene  but with perhaps one species Pliocene in Central India  
 
An account of the range of such animals as belong to extinct families of 
Proboscidea  will be found in Chapters VI  and VII   from which it will be 
seen that  although the family Elephantid   undoubtedly originated in the 
Eastern Hemisphere  it is not improbable that the first traces of the order 
Proboscidea are to be found in N  America  
 
 
 Order IX   HYRACOIDEA   
 
FAMILY 54   HYRACID     1 Genus  10 12 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                             2        1  2  3                             
                                                               
 
The genus  Hyrax   which alone constitutes this family  consists of small 
animals having the appearance of hares or marmots  but which more resemble 
the genus  Rhinoceros  in their teeth and skeleton  They range all over the 
Ethiopian region  except Madagascar  a peculiar species is found in 
Fernando Po  and they just enter the Pal  arctic as far as Syria  They may 
therefore be considered as an exclusively Ethiopian group  In Dr  Gray s 
 229 last Catalogue  1873  he divides the genus into three   Hyrax   
 Euhyrax  and  Dendrohyrax   the latter consisting of two species confined 
apparently to West and South Africa  
 
No extinct forms of this family have yet been discovered  the 
 Hyracotherium  of the London clay  Lower Eocene  which was supposed to 
resemble  Hyrax   is now believed to be an ancestral type of the Suid   or 
swine  
 
 
 Order X   RODENTIA   
 
FAMILY 55   MURID     37 Genera  330 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4     2       
                                                               
 
The Murid    comprising the rats and mice with their allies  are almost 
universally distributed over the globe  even not reckoning the domestic 
species which have been introduced almost everywhere by man   the 
exceptions being the three insular groups belonging to the Australian 
region  from none of which have any species yet been obtained  Before 
enumerating the genera it will be as well to say a few words on the 
peculiarities of distribution they present  The true mice  forming the 
genus  Mus   is distributed over the whole of the world except N  and S  
America where not a single indigenous species occurs  being replaced by the 
genus  Hesperomys   five other genera  comprehending all the remaining 
species found in South America are peculiar to the Neotropical region  
Three genera are confined to the Pal  arctic region  and three others to the 
Nearctic  No less than twelve genera are exclusively Ethiopian  while only 
three are exclusively Oriental and three Australian  
 
 Mus   100 120 sp   the Eastern Hemisphere  but absent from the Pacific and 
Austro Malayan Islands  except Celebes and Papua   Lasiomys   1 sp   
Guinea   Acanthomys   5 6 sp   Africa  India and  230 N  Australia  
 Cricetomys   1 sp   Tropical Africa   Saccostomus   2 sp   Mozambique  
 Cricetus   9 sp   Pal  arctic region and Egypt   Cricetulus   1 sp   
Milne Edwards  1870  Pekin   Pseudomys   1 sp   Australia   Hapalotis   13 
sp   Australia   Phl  omys   1 sp   Philippines   Platacanthomys   1 sp   
Blyth  1865  Malabar   Dendromys   2 sp   S  Africa   Nesomys   1 sp  
Peters  1870  Madagascar   Steatomys   2 sp   N  and S  Africa   Pelomys  
 1 sp   Mozambique   Reithrodon   9 sp   N  America  Lat  29   to Mexico  
and south to Tierra del Fuego   Acodon   1 sp   Peru   Myxomys   1 sp   
Guatemala   Hesperomys   90 sp   North and South America   Holochilus   4 
sp   South America   Oxymycterus   4 sp   Brazil and La Plata   Neotoma   6 
sp   U S   East coast to California   Sigmodon   2 sp   Southern United 
States   Drymomys   1 sp   Peru   Neotomys   2 sp   S  America   Otomys   6 
sp   S  and E  Africa   Meriones     Gerbillus   20 30 sp   Egypt  Central 
Asia  India  Africa   Rhombomys   6 sp   S  E  Europe  N  Africa  Central 
Asia   Malacothrix   2 sp   South Africa   Mystromys   1 sp   South Africa  
 Psammomys   1 sp   Egypt   Spalacomys   1 sp   India   Sminthus   1 3 sp   
East Europe  Tartary  Siberia   Hydromys   5 sp   Australia and Tasmania  
 Hypogeomys   1 sp   Grandidier  1870  Madagascar   Brachytarsomys   1 sp   
G  nther  1874  Madagascar   Fiber   2 sp   N  America to Mexico   Arvicola  
 50 sp   Europe to Asia Minor  North Asia  Himalayas  Temp  N  America  
 Cuniculus   1 sp   N  E  Europe  Siberia  Greenland  Arctic America  
 Myodes   4 sp   Europe  Siberia  Arctic America  and Northern United 
States   Myospalax     Siphneus   2 sp   Altai Mountains and N  China 4   
 Lophiomys   1 sp   S  Arabia  and N  E  Africa   Echiothrix   1 sp   
Australia  
 
 Extinct Murid      Species of  Mus    Cricetus    Arvicola   and  Myodes   
occur in the Post Pliocene deposits of Europe   Arvicola    Meriones   and 
the extinct genus  Cricetodon   with some others  in the Miocene  
 
In North America   Fiber    Arvicola   and  Neotoma   occur in caves  
 231 an extinct genus   Eumys   in the Upper Miocene of Dakota  and 
another   Mysops   in the Eocene of Wyoming  
 
In South America  Mus   or more probably  Hesperomys   is abundant in 
Brazilian caverns  and  Oxymycterus  in the Pliocene of La Plata  while 
 Arvicola  is said to have occurred both in the Pliocene and Eocene 
deposits of the same country  
 
 
FAMILY 56   SPALACID     7 Genera  17 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                          1  2  3     1  2  3      1    3  4              
                                                               
 
The Spalacid    or mole rats  have a straggling distribution over the Old 
World continents  They are found over nearly the whole of Africa  but only 
in the South east of Europe  and West of Temperate Asia  but appearing 
again in North India  Malacca  and South China   Ellobius   1 sp    is 
found in South Russia and South west Siberia   Spalax   1 sp    Southern 
Russia  West Asia  Hungary  Moldavia  and Greece  Plate II   vol  i  p  
218    Rhizomys   6 sp    Abyssinia  North India  Malacca  South China  
 Heterocephalus   1 sp    Abyssinia   Bathyerges      Orycterus  1 sp    
South Africa   Georychus   6 sp    South  Central  and East Africa  
 Heliophobus   1 sp    Mozambique  
 
 
FAMILY 57   DIPODID     3 Genera  22 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
              1  2  3  4     2  3  4  1  2  3                             
                                                               
 
The Jerboas  or jumping mice  are especially characteristic of the regions 
about the eastern extremity of the Mediterranean  being found in South 
Russia  the Caspian district  Arabia  Egypt   232 and Abyssinia  but they 
also extend over a large part of Africa  and eastward to India  while 
isolated forms occur in North America  and the Cape of Good Hope   Dipus    
 Gerbillus   20 sp    inhabits North and Central Africa  South East Europe  
and across Temperate Asia to North China  also Afghanistan  India  and 
Ceylon   Pedetes   1 sp    South Africa to Mozambique and Angola   Jaculus  
   Meriones   1 sp    North America  from Nova Scotia and Canada  south to 
Pennsylvania and west to California and British Columbia  Plate XX   vol  
ii  p  135   
 
 Extinct Dipodid       Dipus  occurs fossil in the Miocene of the Alps  and 
an extinct genus   Issiodromys   said to be allied to  Pedetes  of the Cape 
of Good Hope  is from the Pliocene formations of Auvergne in France  
 
 
FAMILY 58   MYOXID     1 Genus  12 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                          1  2  3  4  1  2  3                             
                                                               
 
The Dormice   Myoxus    are small rodents found over all the temperate 
parts of the Pal  arctic region  from Britain to Japan  and also over most 
parts of Africa to the Cape  but wanting in India  Some of the African 
species have been separated under the name of  Graphidurus   while those of 
Europe and Asia form the sub genera  Glis    Muscardinus   and  Eliomys   
 
 Extinct Myoxid       Myoxus  ranges from the Post pliocene of the Maltese 
caverns to the Miocene of Switzerland and the Upper Eocene of France  and 
an extinct genus  Brachymys  is found in the Miocene of Central Europe  
 
 
 233 FAMILY 59   SACCOMYID     6 Genera  33 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
              1  2  3  4                                                  
                                                               
 
The Saccomyid    or pouched rats  are almost wholly confined to our second 
Nearctic sub region  comprising the Rocky Mountains and the elevated plains 
of Central North America  A few species range from this district as far as 
Hudson s Bay on the north  to South Carolina on the east  and to California 
on the west  while one genus  doubtfully placed here  goes south as far as 
Honduras and Trinidad  The group must therefore be considered to be 
pre eminently characteristic of the Nearctic region  
 
The genera are    Dipodomys   5 sp    North Mexico  California  the east 
slope of the Rocky Mountains to the Columbia River  and one species in 
South Carolina   Perognathus   6 sp    North Mexico  California  east slope 
of the Rocky Mountains to British Columbia   Thomomys   2 sp    Upper 
Missouri  and Upper Columbia Rivers to Hudson s Bay   Geomys   5 sp    
North Mexico  and east slope of Rocky Mountains to Nebraska  Plate XIX   
vol  ii  p  129    Saccomys   1 sp    North America  locality unknown  
 Heteromys   6 sp    Mexico  Honduras  and Trinidad   Geomys  and 
 Thomomys  constitute a separate family Geomyid    of Professor Carus  but I 
follow Professor Lilljeborg  who has made a special study of the Order  in 
keeping them with this family  
 
In the Post Pliocene deposits of Illinois and Nebraska  remains of an 
existing species of  Geomys  have been found  
 
 
 234 FAMILY 60   CASTORID     1 Genus  2 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
              1  2  3  4   1    3                                         
                                                               
 
The Beavers  forming the genus  Castor   consist of two species  the 
American   Castor canadensis   ranging over the whole of North America from 
Labrador to North Mexico  while the European   Castor fiber   appears to be 
confined to the temperate regions of Europe and Asia  from France to the 
River Amoor  over which extensive region it doubtless roamed in prehistoric 
times  although now becoming rare in many districts  
 
 Extinct Castorid      Extinct species of  Castor  range back from the 
Post pliocene to the Upper Miocene in Europe  and to the Newer Pliocene in 
North America  Extinct genera in Europe are   Trogontherium   Post Pliocene 
and Pliocene   Chalicomys   Older Pliocene  and  Steneofiber   Upper 
Miocene  In North America  Castoroides  is Post Pliocene  and 
 Pal  ocastor   Upper Miocene  The family thus first appears on the same 
geological horizon in both Europe and North America  
 
 
FAMILY 61   SCIURID      8 Genera  180 200 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3     1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3     1  2  3  4              
                                                               
 
The Squirrel family  comprehending also the marmots and prairie dogs  are 
very widely spread over the earth  They are especially abundant in the 
Nearctic  Pal  arctic  and Oriental regions  and rather less frequent in the 
Ethiopian and Neotropical  in which last region they do not extend south of 
Paraguay  They are absent from the West Indian islands  Madagascar  and 
Australia  only occurring in Celebes which doubtfully belongs to the 
Australian region  The genera are as follows    
 
 235  Sciurus   100 120 sp   including the sub genera Spermosciurus  Xerus  
Macroxus  Rheithrosciurus  and Rhinosciurus   comprises the true squirrels  
and occupies the area of the whole family wherever woods and forests occur  
The approximate number of species in each region is as follows  Nearctic 
18  Pal  arctic 6  Ethiopian 18  Oriental 50  Australian  Celebes  5  
Neotropical 30   Sciuropterus   16 19 sp    comprises the flat tailed 
flying squirrels  which range from Lapland and Finland to North China and 
Japan  and southward through India and Ceylon  to Malacca and Java  with a 
species in Formosa  while in North America they occur from Labrador to 
British Columbia  and south to Minnesota and Southern California  
 Pteromys   12 sp    comprising the round tailed flying squirrels  is a 
more southern form  being confined to the wooded regions of India from the 
Western Himalayas to Java and Borneo  with species in Formosa and Japan  
 Tamias   5 sp    the ground squirrels  are chiefly North American  ranging 
from Mexico to Puget s Sound on the west coast  and from Virginia to 
Montreal on the Atlantic coast  while one species is found over all 
northern Asia   Spermophilus   26 sp    the pouched marmots  are confined 
to the Nearctic and Pal  arctic regions  in the former extending from the 
Arctic Ocean to Mexico and the west coast  but not passing east of Lake 
Michigan and the lower Mississippi  in the latter from Silesia through 
South Russia to the Amoor and Kamschatka  most abundant in the desert 
plains of Tartary and Mongolia   Arctomys   8 sp    the marmots  are found 
in the northern parts of North America as far down as Virginia and Nebraska 
to the Rocky Mountains and British Columbia  but not in California  and 
from the Swiss Alps eastward to Lake Baikal and Kamschatka  and south as 
far as the Himalayas  above 8 000 feet elevation   Cynomys   2 sp    the 
prairie dogs  inhabit the plains east of the Rocky Mountains from the Upper 
Missouri to the Red River and Rio Grande  Plate XIX   vol  ii  p  129   
 Anomalurus   5 sp    consists of animals which resemble flying squirrels  
but differ from all other members of the family in some points of internal 
structure  They form a very aberrant portion of the Sciurid    and  
according to some naturalists  a distinct family  They inhabit West Africa 
and the island of Fernando Po  
 
 236  Extinct Sciurid      These are tolerably abundant  The genus Sciurus 
appears to be a remarkably ancient form  extinct species being found in the 
Miocene  and even in the Upper Eocene formations of Europe   Spermophilus  
goes back to the Upper Miocene   Arctomys  to the Newer Pliocene  Extinct 
genera are   Brachymys    Lithomys  and  Plesiarctomys   from the European 
Miocene  the latter said to be intermediate between marmots and squirrels  
 
In North America   Sciurus    Tamias   and  Arctomys  occur in the 
Post pliocene deposits only  The extinct genera are  Ischyromys   from the 
Upper Miocene of Nebraska   Paramys   allied to the marmots  and 
 Sciuravus   near the squirrels  from the Eocene of Wyoming  
 
Here we have unmistakable evidence that the true squirrels   Sciurus   are 
an Old World type  which has only recently entered North America  and this 
is in accordance with the comparative scarcity of this group in South 
America  a country so well adapted to them  and their great abundance in 
the Oriental region  which  with the Pal  arctic  was probably the country 
of their origin and early development  The family  however  has been traced 
equally far back in Europe and North America  so that we have as yet no 
means of determining where it originated  
 
 
FAMILY 62  HAPLOODONTID      1 Genus  2 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
              1                                                           
                                                               
 
The genus  Haploodon  or  Aplodontia   consists of two curious rat like 
animals  inhabiting the west coast of America  from the southern part of 
British Columbia to the mountains of California  They seem to have 
affinities both with the beavers and marmots  and Professor Lilljeborg 
constitutes a separate family to receive them  
 
 
 237 FAMILY 63   CHINCHILLID     3 Genera  6 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1                                                                       
                                                               
 
The Chinchillid    including the chinchillas and viscachas  are confined to 
the alpine zones of the Andes  from the boundary of Ecuador and Peru to the 
southern parts of Chili  and over the Pampas  to the Rio Negro on the 
south  and the River Uruguay on the east   Chinchilla   2 sp    the true 
chinchillas  are found in the Andes of Chili and Peru  south of 9   S  lat   
and from 8 000 to 12 000 feet elevation  Plate XVI  vol  ii  p  40   
 Lagidium   3 sp    the alpine viscachas  inhabit the loftiest plateaus and 
mountains from 11 000 to 16 000 feet  and extend furthest north of any of 
the family  while  Lagostomus   1 sp    the viscacha of the Pampas  has the 
range above indicated  The family is thus confined within the limits of a 
single sub region  
 
 Extinct Chinchillid       Lagostomus  has been found fossil in the caves of 
Brazil  and in the Pliocene deposits of La Plata  The only known extinct 
forms of this family are  Amblyrhiza  and  Loxomylus   found in 
cavern deposits in the island of Anguilla  of Post Pliocene age  These are 
very interesting  as showing the greater range of this family so recently  
though its absence from North America and Europe indicates that it is a 
peculiar development of the Neotropical region  
 
 
FAMILY 64   OCTODONTID     8 Genera  19 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
   1  2    4                 2        1                                   
                                                               
 
 238 The Octodontid   include a number of curious and obscure rat like 
animals  mostly confined to the mountains and open plains of South America  
but having a few stragglers in other parts of the world  as will be seen by 
our notes on the genera  The most remarkable point in their distribution 
is  that two genera are peculiar to the West Indian islands  while no 
species of the family inhabits the northern half of South America  The 
distribution of the genera is as follows    Habrocomus   2 sp    Chili  
 Capromys   3 sp    two of which inhabit Cuba  the third Jamaica  Plate 
XVII  vol  ii  p  67    Plagiodontia   1 sp    only known from  Hayti   
 Spalacopus   including  Schizodon   2 sp    Chili  and east side of 
Southern Andes   Octodon   3 sp    Peru  Bolivia  and Chili   Ctenomys   6 
sp    the tuco tuco of the Pampas  the Campos of Brazil to Bolivia and 
Tierra del Fuego   Ctenodactylus   1 sp    Tripoli  North Africa  
 Pectinator   1 sp    East Africa  Abyssinia  4 000 to 5 000 feet  
 
 Capromys  and  Plagiodontia   the two West Indian genera  were classed 
among the Echimyid   by Mr  Waterhouse  but Professor Lilljeborg removes 
them to this family  
 
 Extinct Octodontid      Species of  Ctenomys  have been found in the 
Pliocene of La Plata  and an extinct genus  Megamys   said to be allied to 
 Capromys   in the Eocene of the same country  In Europe   Pal  omys  and 
 Arch  omys  from the lower Miocene of Germany and France  are also said to 
be allied to  Capromys   
 
 
FAMILY 65   ECHIMYID     10 Genera  30 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2                                 1    3                             
                                                               
 
 
The Echimyid    or spiny rats  are a family  chiefly South American  of 
which the Coypu  a large beaver like water rat from Peru and Chili is the 
best known  Two of the genera are found in South Africa  but all the rest 
inhabit the continent of South America  East of the Andes  none being yet 
known north  239 of Panama  The genera are as follows    Dactylomys   2 
sp    Guiana and Brazil   Cercomys   1 sp    Central Brazil   Lasiuromys  
 1 sp    San Paulo  Brazil   Petromys   1 sp    South Africa   Myopotamus  
 1 sp    the coypu  on the East side of the Andes from Peru to 42   S  lat   
on the West side from 33   to 48   S  lat    Carterodon   1 sp    Minaes 
Geraes  Brazil   Aulacodes   1  sp    West and South Africa   Mesomys   1 
sp    Borba on the Amazon   Echimys   11 sp    from Guiana and the 
Ecuadorian Andes to Paraguay   Loncheres   10 sp    New Granada to Brazil  
 
 Fossil and Extinct Echimyid      The genus  Carterodon  was established on 
bones found in the Brazilian caves  and it was several years afterwards 
that specimens were obtained showing the animal to be a living species  
Extinct species of  Myopotamus  and  Loncheres  have also been found in 
these caves  with the extinct genera  Lonchophorus  and  Phyllomys   
 
No remains of this family have been discovered in North America  but in the 
Miocene and Upper Eocene deposits of France there are many species of an 
extinct genus  Theridomys   which is said to be allied to this group or to 
the next  Cercolabid      Aulacodon   from the Upper Miocene of Germany  is 
allied to the West African  Aulacodes   and some other remains from the 
lower Miocene of Auvergne  are supposed to belong to  Echimys   
 
 
FAMILY 66   CERCOLABID     3 Genera  13 15 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3     1  2  3  4                                                  
                                                               
 
The Cercolabid    or arboreal porcupines  are a group of rodents entirely 
confined to America  where they range from the northern limit of trees on 
the Mackenzie River  to the southern limit of forests in Paraguay  There is 
however an intervening district  the Southern United States  from which 
they are absent   Erethizon   3 sp    the Canadian porcupine  is found 
throughout  240 Canada and as far south as Northern Pennsylvania  and west 
to the Mississippi  Plate XX   vol  ii  p  135   an allied species 
inhabiting the west coast from California to Alaska  and inland to the head 
of the Missouri River  while a third is found in the north western part of 
South America   Cercolabes   12 sp    ranges from Mexico and Guatemala to 
Paraguay  on the eastern side of the Andes   Ch  tomys   1 sp    North 
Brazil  
 
 Extinct Cercolabid      A large species of  Cercolabes  has been found in 
the Brazilian caves  but none have been discovered in North America or 
Europe  We may conclude therefore that this is probably a South American 
type  which has thence spread into North America at a comparatively recent 
epoch  The peculiar distribution of  Cercolabes  may be explained by 
supposing it to have migrated northwards along the west coast by means of 
the wooded slopes of the Rocky Mountains  It could then only reach the 
Eastern States by way of the forest region of the great lakes  and then 
move southward  This it may be now doing  but it has not yet reached the 
Southern States of Eastern North America  
 
 
 Family  67   HYSTRICID     3 Genera  12 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                             2        1  2  3     1  2  3  4              
                                                               
 
The true Porcupines have a very compact and well marked distribution  over 
the whole of the Oriental and Ethiopian regions  except Madagascar   and 
the second Pal  arctic sub region  There is some confusion as to their 
sub division into genera  but the following are those most usually 
admitted    Hystrix   5 sp    South Europe to the Cape of Good Hope  all 
India  Ceylon  and South China   Atherura   5 sp     brush tailed 
porcupines   inhabit West Africa  India  to Siam  Sumatra  and Borneo  
 Acanthion   2 sp    Nepal and Malacca  to Sumatra  Borneo  and Java  
 
 Extinct Hystricid      Several extinct species of  Hystrix  have  241 been 
found in the Pliocene and Miocene deposits of Europe  and one in the 
Pliocene of Nebraska in North America  
 
FAMILY 68   CAVIID     6 Genera  28 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4                                                              
                                                               
 
The Cavies and Agoutis were placed in distinct families by Mr  Waterhouse  
in which he is followed by Professor Carus  but they have been united by 
Professor Lilljeborg  and without pretending to decide which classification 
is the more correct I follow the latter  because there is a striking 
external resemblance between the two groups  and they have an identical 
distribution in the Neotropical region  and with one exception are all 
found east of the Andes   Dasyprocta   9 sp    the agouti  ranges from 
Mexico to Paraguay  one species inhabiting the small West Indian islands of 
St  Vincent  Lucia  and Grenada   C  logenys   2 sp    the paca  is found 
from Guatemala to Paraguay  and a second species  somewhat doubtful  in 
Eastern Peru   Hydrochoerus   1 sp    the capybara inhabits the banks of 
rivers from Guayana to La Plata   Cavia   9 sp    the guinea pigs  Brazil 
to the Straits of Magellan  and one species west of the Andes at Y  a Peru  
 Kerodon   6 sp    Brazil and Peru to Magellan   Dolichotis   1 sp    the 
Patagonian cavy  from Mendoza to 48   30  south latitude  on sterile plains  
 
 Extinct Caviid       Hydrochoerus    C  logenys    Dasyprocta   and 
 Kerodon   have occurred abundantly in the caves of Brazil  and the 
last named genus in the Pliocene of La Plata   Hydrochoerus  has been found 
in the Post Pliocene deposits of South Carolina   Cavia  and  Dasyprocta  
are said to have been found in the Miocene of Switzerland and France  No 
well marked extinct genera of this family have been recorded  
 
If the determination of the above mentioned fossil species of  Cavia  and 
 Dasyprocta  are correct  it would show that this now  242 exclusively 
South American family is really derived from Europe  where it has long been 
extinct  
 
 
FAMILY 69   LAGOMYID     1 Genus  11 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                  2    4        3                                         
                                                               
 
The Lagomyid    or pikas  are small alpine and desert animals which range 
from the south of the Ural Mountains to Cashmere and the Himalayas  at 
heights of 11 000 to 14 000 feet  and northward to the Polar regions and 
the north eastern extremity of Siberia  They just enter the eastern 
extremity of Europe as far as the Volga  but with this exception  seem 
strictly limited to the third Pal  arctic sub region  In America they are 
confined to the Rocky Mountains from about 42   to 60   north latitude  
 
 Extinct Lagomyid      Extinct species of  Lagomys  have occurred in the 
southern parts of Europe  from the Post Pliocene to the Miocene formations  
 Titanomys   an extinct genus  is found in the Miocene of France and 
Germany  
 
 
FAMILY 70   LEPORID     1 Genus  35 40 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3     1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4   1    3     1  2  3                 
                                                               
 
The Hares and Rabbits are especially characteristic of the Nearctic and 
Pal  arctic  but are also thinly scattered over the Ethiopian and Oriental 
regions  In the Neotropical region they are very scarce  only one species 
being found in South America  in the mountains of Brazil and various parts 
of the Andes  while one or two of the North American species extend into 
Mexico  243 and Guatemala  In the Nearctic region  they are most abundant 
in the central and western parts of the continent  and they extend to the 
Arctic Ocean and to Greenland  They are found in every part of the 
Pal  arctic region  from Ireland to Japan  three species range over all 
India to Ceylon  and others occur in Hainan  Formosa  South China  and the 
mountains of Pegu  the Ethiopian region has only four or five species  
mostly in the southern extremity and along the East coast  An Indian 
species is now wild in some parts of Java  but it has probably been 
introduced  
 
 Extinct Leporid      Species of  Lepus  occur in the Post Pliocene and 
Newer Pliocene of France  but only in the Post Pliocene of North America  
and the caves of Brazil  
 
 
 General Remarks on the Distribution of the Rodentia   
 
With the exception of the Australian region and Madagascar  where Murid   
alone have been found  this order is one of the most universally and evenly 
distributed over the entire globe  Of the sixteen families which compose 
it  the Pal  arctic region has 10  the Ethiopian  Nearctic  and Neotropical  
each 9  and the Oriental only 5  These figures are very curious and 
suggestive  We know that the rodentia are exceedingly ancient  since some 
of the living genera date back to the Eocene period  and some ancestral 
types might thus have reached the remote South American and South African 
lands at the time of one of their earliest unions with the northern 
continents  In both these countries the rodents diverged into many special 
forms  and being small animals easily able to conceal themselves  have 
largely survived the introduction of higher Mammalia  In the Pal  arctic and 
Nearctic regions  their small size and faculty of hibernation may have 
enabled them to maintain themselves during those great physical changes 
which resulted in the extermination or banishment of so many of the larger 
and more highly organised Mammalia  to which  in these regions  they now 
bear a somewhat inordinate proportion  The reasons why they are now less 
numerous and varied in the Oriental region  may be of two kinds  The 
comparatively small area of that region and its  244 uniformity of climate  
would naturally lead to less development of such a group as this  than in 
the vastly more extensive and varied and almost equally luxuriant 
Pal  arctic region of Eocene and Miocene times  while on the other hand the 
greater number of the smaller Carnivora in the tropics during the Pliocene 
and Post Pliocene epochs  would be a constant check upon the increase of 
these defenceless animals  and no doubt exterminate a number of them  
 
The Rodents thus offer a striking contrast to the Ungulates  and these two 
great orders afford an admirable illustration of the different way in which 
physical and organic changes may affect large and small herbivorous 
Mammalia  often leading to the extinction of the former  while favouring 
the comparative development of the latter  
 
 
 Order XI   EDENTATA   
 
FAMILY 71   BRADYPODID     3 Genera  12 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3                                                                 
                                                               
 
The Sloths are a remarkable group of arboreal mammals  strictly confined to 
the great forests of the Neotropical region  from Guatemala to Brazil and 
Eastern Bolivia  None are found west of the Andes  nor do they appear to 
extend into Paraguay  or beyond the Tropic of Capricorn on the east coast  
The genera as defined by Dr  Gray in 1871 are    Choloepus   2 sp    
 Sloths with two toes on fore limbs  sexes alike   Costa Rica to Brazil  
 Bradypus   2 sp     Sloths with three toes on fore limbs  sexes alike   
Central Brazil  Amazon to Rio de Janeiro   Arctopithecus   8 sp     Sloths 
with three toes on fore limbs  males with a coloured patch on the back   
Costa Rica to Brazil and Eastern Bolivia  Plate XIV   vol ii  p  24   
 
 245  Extinct Bradypodid      In the caves of Brazil are found three extinct 
genera of Sloths   C  lodon    Sphenodon   and  Ochotherium   More distantly 
allied  and probably forming distinct families  are  Scelidotherium  and 
 Megatherium   from the caves of Brazil and the Pliocene deposits of La 
Plata and Patagonia  
 
 
FAMILY 72   MANIDID     1 Genus  8 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                      1  2  3     1  2  3  4              
                                                               
 
The Manidid    or scaly ant eaters  are the only Edentate Mammalia found out 
of America  They are spread over the Ethiopian and Oriental regions  in the 
former from Sennaar to West Africa and the Cape  in the latter from the 
Himalayas to Ceylon  and Eastward to Borneo and Java  as well as to South 
China  as far as Amoy  Hainan  and Formosa  They have been sub divided  
according to differences in the scaly covering  into five groups   Manis   
 Phatagin    Smutsia    Pholidotus  and  Pangolin   the three former being 
confined to Africa  the last common to Africa and the East  while 
 Pholidotus  seems confined to Java  It is doubtful if these divisions are 
more than sub genera  and as such they are treated here  
 
No extinct species referable to this family are yet known  
 
 
FAMILY 73   DASYPODID     6 Genera  17 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3                                                                 
                                                               
 
The Dasypodid    or armadillos  are a highly characteristic Neotropical 
family  ranging from the northern extremity of the region  246 in south 
Texas  to 50   south latitude on the plains of Patagonia  The distribution 
of the genera is as follows    Tatusia   5 sp    has the range of the whole 
family from the lower Rio Grande of Texas to Patagonia   Prionodontes   1 
sp    the giant armadillo  Surinam to Paraguay   Dasypus   4 sp    Brazil 
to Bolivia  Chili  and La Plata   Xenurus   3 sp    Guiana to Paraguay  
 Tolypeutes   2 sp    the three banded armadillos  Bolivia and La Plata  
 Chlamydophorus   2 sp    near Mendoza in La Plata  and Santa Cruz de la 
Sierra in Bolivia  
 
 Extinct Armadillos    Many species of  Dasypus  and  Xenurus  have been 
found in the caves of Brazil  together with many extinct 
genera   Hoplophorus    Euryodon    Heterodon    Pachytherium   and 
 Chlamydotherium   the latter as large as a rhinoceros   Eutatus   allied 
to  Tolypeutes   is from the Pliocene deposits of La Plata  
 
 
FAMILY 74   ORYCTEROPODID     1 Genus  2 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                       1    3                             
                                                               
 
The Aard vark  or Cape ant eater   Orycteropus capensis   is a curious form 
of Edentate animal  with the general form of an ant eater  but with the 
bristly skin and long obtuse snout of a pig  A second species inhabits the 
interior of North East Africa and Senegal  that of the latter country 
perhaps forming a third species  Plate IV  vol  i  p  261   
 
 Extinct Orycteropodid      The genus  Macrotherium   remains of which occur 
in the Miocene deposits of France  Germany  and Greece  is allied to this 
group  though perhaps forming a separate family  The same may be said of 
the  Ancylotherium   a huge animal found only in the Miocene deposits of 
Greece  
 
 
 247 FAMILY 75   MYRMECOPHAGID     3 Genera  5 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3                                                                 
                                                               
 
The true ant eaters are strictly confined to the wooded portions of the 
Neotropical region  ranging from Honduras to Paraguay on the East side of 
the Andes  The three genera now generally admitted are   Myrmecophaga   1 
sp    the great ant eater  Northern Brazil to Paraguay   Tamandua   2 sp    
4 toed ant eaters  Guatemala  Ecuador to Paraguay  Plate XIV  vol  ii  p  
24    Cyclothurus   2 sp    2 toed ant eaters  Honduras and Costa Rica to 
Brazil  
 
 Extinct Ant eaters    The only extinct form of this family seems to be the 
 Glossotherium   found in the caves of Brazil  and the Tertiary deposits of 
Uruguay  It is said to be allied to  Myrmecophaga  and  Manis   
 
 
 General Remarks on the Distribution of the Edentata   
 
These singular animals are almost confined to South America  where they 
constitute an important part of the fauna  In Africa  two family types are 
scantily represented  and one of these extends over all the Oriental 
region  In Pliocene and Post Pliocene times the Edentata were wonderfully 
developed in South America  many of them being huge animals  rivalling in 
bulk  the rhinoceros and hippopotamus  As none of these forms resemble 
those of Africa  while the only European fossil Edentata are of African 
type  it seems probable that South Africa  like South America  was a centre 
of development for this group of mammalia  and it is in the highest degree 
probable that  should extensive fluviatile deposits of Pliocene or Miocene 
age be discovered in the former country  an extinct fauna  not less strange 
and grotesque than that of South America  will be brought to  248 light  
From the fact that so few remains of this order occur in Europe  and those 
of one family type  and in Miocene deposits only  it seems a fair 
conclusion  that this represents an incursion of an ancient Ethiopian form 
into Europe analogous to that which invaded North America from the south 
during the Post Pliocene epoch  The extension of the Manidid    or scaly 
ant eaters  over tropical Asia may have occurred at the same  or a somewhat 
later epoch  
 
For a summary of the Numerous Edentata of North and South America which 
belong to extinct families  see vol  i  p  147  
 
 
 Order XII   MARSUPIALIA   
 
FAMILY 76   DIDELPHYID     3 Genera  22 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3      1    3                                                     
                                                               
 
The Didelphyid    or true opossums  range throughout all the wooded 
districts of the Neotropical region from the southern boundary of Texas to 
the River La Plata  and on the west coast to 42   S  Lat   where a species 
of  Didelphys  was obtained by Professor Cunningham  One species only is 
found in the Nearctic region  extending from Florida to the Hudson River  
and west to the Missouri  The species named  Didelphys californica  
inhabits Mexico  and only extends into the southern extremity of 
California  The species are most numerous in the great forest region of 
Brazil  and they have been recently found to the west of the Andes near 
Guayaquil  as well as in Chili  The exact number of species is very 
doubtful  owing to the difficulty of determining them from dried skins  All 
but two belong to the genus  Didelphys   which has the range above given 
for the family  Plate XIV   vol  ii  p  24    Chironectes   1 sp    the 
yapock or water opossum  inhabits Guiana and Brazil   Hyracodon   1 sp    
is a small  249 rat like animal discovered by Mr  Fraser in Ecuador  and 
which may perhaps belong to another family  
 
 Extinct Didelphyid      No less than seven species of  Didelphys  have been 
found in the caves of Brazil  but none in the older formations  In North 
America the living species only  has been found in Post Pliocene deposits  
In Europe  however  many species of small opossums  now classed as a 
distinct genus   Peratherium   have been found in various Tertiary deposits 
from the Upper Miocene to the Upper Eocene  
 
We have here a sufficient proof that the American Marsupials have nothing 
to do with those of Australia  but were derived from Europe  where their 
ancestors lived during a long series of ages  
 
 
FAMILY 77   DASYURID     10 Genera  30 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                              1  2       
                                                               
 
The Dasyurid    or native cats  are a group of carnivorous or insectivorous 
marsupials  ranging from the size of a wolf to that of a mouse  They are 
found all over Australia and Tasmania  as well as in New Guinea and the 
adjacent Papuan islands  Several new genera and species have recently been 
described by Mr  G  Krefft  of the Sydney Museum  and are included in the 
following enumeration   Phasgogale   3 sp    New Guinea  West  East  and 
South Australia   Antechinomys   1 sp    Interior of South Australia  
 Antechinus   12 sp    Aru Islands  all Australia  and Tasmania  
 Ch  tocercus   1 sp    South Australia   Dactylopsila   1 sp    Aru Islands 
and North Australia   Podabrus   5 sp    West  East  and South Australia  
and Tasmania   Myoictis   1 sp    Aru Islands   Sarcophilus   1 sp    
Tasmania   Dasyurus   4 sp    North  East  and South  Australia  and 
Tasmania   Thylacinus   1 sp    Tasmania  Plate XI   vol  i  p  439   
 
Extinct species of  Dasyurus  and  Thylacinus  have been found in the 
Post Pliocene deposits of Australia  
 
 
 250 FAMILY 78   MYRMECOBIID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                                 2       
                                                               
 
The only representative of this family is the  Myrmecobius fasciatus   or 
native ant eater  a small bushy tailed squirrel like animal  found in the 
South and West of Australia  
 
 
FAMILY 79   PERAMELID     3 Genera  10 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                              1  2       
                                                               
 
The Peramelid    or bandicoots  are small insectivorous Marsupials  having 
something of the form of the kangaroos  They range over the whole of 
Australia and Tasmania  as well as the Papuan Islands  The genus 
 Perameles   8 sp    has the range of the family  one species being found 
in New Guinea and the Aru Islands  Plate XI   vol  i  p  440    Peragalea  
 1 sp    inhabits West Australia only  and  Choeropus   1 sp    a beautiful 
little animal with something of the appearance of a mouse deer  is found in 
both South  East  and West Australia  
 
 
FAMILY 80   MACROPODID     10 Genera  56 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                              1  2       
                                                               
 
 251 The well known Kangaroos are the most largely developed family of 
Marsupials  and they appear to be the form best adapted for the present 
conditions of life in Australia  over every part of which they range  One 
genus of true terrestrial kangaroos   Dorcopsis    inhabits the Papuan 
Islands  as do also the curious tree kangaroos   Dendrolagus   which  
without much apparent modification of form  are able to climb trees and 
feed upon the foliage  The genera  as established by Mr  Waterhouse  are as 
follows   Macropus   4 sp    West  South  and East Australia  and Tasmania 
 Plate XII   vol  i  p  441    Osphranter   5 sp    all Australia  
 Halmaturus   18 sp    all Australia and Tasmania   Petrogale   7 sp    all 
Australia   Dendrolagus   2 sp    New Guinea  Plate X   vol  i  p  414   
 Dorcopsis   2 sp   Aru and Mysol Islands  and New Guinea   Onychogalea   3 
sp    Central Australia   Lagorchestes   5 sp    North  West  and South 
Australia   Bettongia   6 sp    West  South  and East  Australia  and 
Tasmania   Hypsiprymnus   4 sp    West and East Australia  and Tasmania  
 
 Extinct Macropodid      Many species of the genera  Macropus  and 
 Hypsiprymnus  have been found in the cave deposits and other Post Tertiary 
strata of Australia  Among the extinct genera are  Protemnodon  and 
 Sthenurus   which are more allied to the tree kangaroos of New Guinea than 
to living Australian species  the gigantic  Diprotodon   a kangaroo nearly 
as large as an elephant  and  Nototherium   of smaller size  
 
 
FAMILY 81   PHALANGISTID     8 Genera  27 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                              1  2       
                                                               
 
The Phalangistid    or phalangers  are one of the most varied and 
interesting groups of Marsupials  being modified in a variety of ways for 
an arboreal life  We have the clumsy looking tail less koala  or native 
sloth  the prehensile tailed opossum like phalangers  the beautiful flying 
oppossums  so closely resembling  252 in form the flying squirrels of North 
America and India  but often no larger than a mouse  the beautiful 
dormouse like  Dromici     one species of which is only 2   inches long or 
less than the harvest mouse  and the little  Tarsipes   a true honey sucker 
with an extensile tongue  and of the size of a mouse  These extreme 
modifications and specializations within the range of a single family  are 
sufficient to indicate the great antiquity of the Australian fauna  and 
they render it almost certain that the region it occupied was once much 
more extensive  so as to supply the variety of conditions and the struggle 
between competing forms of life  which would be required to develop so many 
curiously modified forms  of which we now probably see only a remnant  
 
The Phalangistid   not only range over all Australia and Tasmania  but over 
the whole of the Austro Malayan sub region from New Guinea to the Moluccas 
and Celebes  The distribution of the genera is as follows    Phascolarctos  
 1 sp    the koala  East Australia   Phalangista   5 sp    East  South  and 
West Australia  and Tasmania   Cuscus   8 sp    woolly phalangers  New 
Guinea  North Australia  Timor  Moluccas and Celebes   Petaurista   1 sp   
large flying phalanger  East Australia   Belideus   5 sp    flying 
opossums  South  East  and North Australia  New Guiana and Moluccas  
 Acrobata   1 sp    pigmy flying opossum  South and East Australia  
 Dromicia   5 sp    dormouse phalangers  West and East Australia  and 
Tasmania   Tarsipes   1 sp    West Australia  
 
 Thylacoleo   a large extinct marsupial of doubtful affinities  seems to be 
somewhat intermediate between this family and the kangaroos  Professor Owen 
considered it to be carnivorous  and able to prey upon the huge 
 Diprotodon   while Professor Flower and Mr  Gerard Krefft  believe that it 
was herbivorous  
 
 
FAMILY 82   PHASCOLOMYID     1 Genus  3 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                                 2       
                                                               
 
 253 The Wombats are tail less  terrestrial  burrowing animals  about the 
size of a badger  but feeding on roots and grass  They inhabit South 
Australia and Tasmania  Plate XI  vol  i  p  439   
 
An extinct wombat  as large as a tapir  has been found in the Australian 
Pliocene deposits  
 
 
 General Remarks on the Distribution of Marsupialia   
 
We have here the most remarkable case  of an extensive and highly varied 
order being confined to one very limited area on the earth s surface  the 
only exception being the opossums in America  It has been already shown 
that these are comparatively recent immigrants  which have survived in that 
country long after they disappeared in Europe  As  however  no other form 
but that of the Didelphyid   occurs there during the Tertiary period  we 
must suppose that it was at a far more remote epoch that the ancestral 
forms of all the other Marsupials entered Australia  and the curious little 
mammals of the Oolite and Trias  offer valuable indications as to the time 
when this really took place  
 
A notice of these extinct marsupials of the secondary period will be found 
at vol  i  p  159  
 
 
 Order XIII   MONOTREMATA   
 
FAMILY 83   ORNITHORHYNCHID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                                 2       
                                                               
 
The  Ornithorhynchus   or duck billed Platypus  one of the most remarkable 
and isolated of existing mammalia  is found in East and South Australia  
and Tasmania  
 
 
 254 FAMILY 84   ECHIDNID     1 Genus  2 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                                 2       
                                                               
 
The  Echidna   or Australian Hedgehog  although quite as remarkable in 
internal structure as the Ornithorhynchus  is not so peculiar in external 
appearance  having very much the aspect of a hedgehog or spiny armadillo  
The two species of this genus are very closely allied  one inhabits East 
and South Australia  the other Tasmania  
 
 Extinct Echidnid      Remains of a very large fossil species of  Echidna  
have lately  1868  been discovered at Darling Downs in Australia  
 
 
 Remark on the Distribution of the Monotremata   
 
This order is the lowest and most anomalous of the mammalia  and nothing 
resembling it has been found among the very numerous extinct animals 
discovered in any other part of the world than Australia  
 
 
 
 
 255 CHAPTER XVIII  
 
THE DISTRIBUTION OF THE FAMILIES AND GENERA OF BIRDS  
 
 
 
 Order I   PASSERES   
 
FAMILY 1   TURDID     21 Genera  205 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3    
                                                               
 
The extensive and familiar group of Thrushes ranges over every region and 
sub region  except New Zealand  It abounds most in the North Temperate 
regions  and has its least development in the Australian region  Thrushes 
are among the most perfectly organized of birds  and it is to this cause  
perhaps  as well as to their omnivorous diet  that they have been enabled 
to establish themselves on a number of remote islands  Peculiar species of 
true thrush are found in Norfolk Island  and in the small Lord Howes  
Island nearer Australia  the Island of St  Thomas in the Gulf of Guinea has 
a peculiar species  while the Mid Atlantic island Tristan d Acunha   one of 
the most remote and isolated spots on the globe   has a peculiarly modified 
form of thrush  Several of the smaller West Indian Islands have also 
peculiar species or genera of thrushes  
 
The family is of somewhat uncertain extent  blending insensibly with the 
warblers  Sylviid    as well as with the Indian bulbuls  256  Pycnonotid     
while one genus  usually placed in it   Myiophonus   seems to agree better 
with  Enicurus  among the Cinclid    The genera here admitted into the 
thrush family are the following  the numbers prefixed to some of the genera 
indicating their position in Gray s  Hand List of the Genera and Species of 
Birds     
 
 1143   Brachypteryx   8 sp    Nepaul to Java and Ceylon  this may belong 
to the Timaliid      Turdus   100 sp   has the range of the whole family  
abounding in the Pal  arctic  Oriental and Neotropical regions  while it is 
less plentiful in the Nearctic and Ethiopian  and very scarce in the 
Australian   934   Oreocincla   11 sp    Pal  arctic and Oriental regions  
Australia and Tasmania   942   Rhodinocichla   1 sp    Venezuela   946  
 Melanoptila   1 sp    Honduras   947 948   Catharus   10 sp   Mexico to 
Equador   949 950   Margarops   4 sp    Hayti and Porto Rico to St  Lucia  
 951   Nesocichla   1 sp    Tristan d Acunha   952   Geocichla   8 sp    
India to Formosa and Celebes  Timor and North Australia   954 955  
 Monticola   8 sp    Central Europe to South Africa and to China  
Philippine Islands  Gilolo and Java   956   Oroc  tes   3 sp    Himalayas 
and N  China   Zoothera   3 sp   Himalayas  Aracan  Java  and Lombok  
 Mimus   20 sp   Canada to Patagonia  West Indies and Galapagos   962  
 Oreoscoptes   1 sp    Rocky Mountains and Mexico   963   Melanotis   2 
sp    South Mexico and Guatemala   964   Galeoscoptes   1 sp    Canada and 
Eastern United States to Cuba and Panama   965 966   Mimocichla   5 sp    
Greater Antilles   967 968   Harporhynchus   7 sp    North America  from 
the great lakes to Mexico   Cinclocerthia   3 sp    Lesser Antilles   970  
 Rhamphocinclus   1 sp    Lesser Antilles   Ch  tops   3 sp    South Africa  
 Cossypha     Bessonornis   15 sp   Ethiopian region and Palestine  
 
 
FAMILY 2   SYLVIID     74 Genera  640 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
 257 This immense family  comprising all the birds usually known as 
 warblers   is  as here constituted  of almost universal distribution  Yet 
it is so numerous and preponderant over the whole Eastern Hemisphere  that 
it may be well termed an Old World group  only two undoubted genera with 
very few species belonging to the Nearctic region  while two or three 
others whose position is somewhat doubtful  are found in California and the 
Neotropical region  
 
Canon Tristram  who has paid great attention to this difficult group  has 
kindly communicated to me a MSS  arrangement of the genera and species  
which  with a very few additions and alterations  I implicitly follow  He 
divides the Sylviid   into seven sub families  as follows  
 
1  Drymoecin    15 genera  194 sp    confined to the Old World and 
Australia  and especially abundant in the three Tropical regions  2  
Calamoherpin    11 genera  75 sp    has the same general distribution as the 
last  but is scarce in the Australian and abundant in the Pal  arctic 
region  3  Phylloscopin    11 genera  139 sp    has the same distribution as 
the entire family  but is most abundant in the Oriental and Pal  arctic 
regions  4  Sylviin    6 genera  33 sp    most abundant in the Pal  arctic 
region  very scarce in the Australian and Oriental regions  absent from 
America  5  Ruticillin    10 genera  50 sp    entirely absent from America 
and Australia  abounds in the Oriental and Pal  arctic regions  6  
Saxicolin    12 genera  126 sp    absent from America  except the extreme 
north west   abundant in the Oriental region and moderately so in the 
Pal  arctic  Ethiopian  and Australian  7  Accentorin    6 genera  21 sp    
absent from the Ethiopian region and South America  most abundant in 
Australia  one small genus   Sialia    in North America  
 
The distribution of the several genera arranged under these sub families  
is as follows  
 
1  DRYMOECIN      736  Orthotomus  13 sp    all the Oriental region   737  
 Prinia   11 sp    all the Oriental region   738 740 742 746   Drymoeca  
 83 sp    Ethiopian and Oriental regions  most abundant in the former   743 
to 745 and 749 to 752   Cisticola   32 sp    Ethiopian and Oriental 
regions  with South Europe  China  258 and Australia   741   Suya   5 sp    
Nepal to South China and Formosa   773   Sphen  acus   7 sp    Australia  
New Zealand  and Chatham Island  with one species     in South Africa   770 
772   Megalurus   4 sp    Central India to Java and Timor   774 775  
 Poodytes   2 sp    Australia   766   Amytis   3 sp    Australia   768  
 Sphenura   4 sp    Australia   764   Malurus   16 sp    Australia and 
Tasmania   762 763   Chthonicola   3 sp    Australia   761   Calamanthus  
 2 sp    Australia and Tasmania   759   Camaroptera   5 sp    Africa and 
Fernando Po   753   Apalis   1 sp    South Africa  
 
2  CALAMOHERPIN      777 to 781 and sp  2968   Acrocephalus   35 sp    
Pal  arctic  Ethiopian  continental part of Oriental region  Moluccas  
Caroline Islands  and Australia   782 818   Dumeticola   4 sp    Nepal to 
East Thibet  Central Asia  high regions   783 790   Potamodus   3 sp    
Central and South Europe  and East Thibet   789 and sp  2969   Lusciniola  
 1 sp    South Europe   791 792   Locustella   8 sp    Pal  arctic region to 
Central India and China   739   Horites   5 sp    Nepal to North west China 
and Formosa   784 786   Bradyptetus     Cettia   10 sp    South Europe  
Palestine  and South Africa   747 748   Catriscus   3 sp    Tropical and 
South Africa   Bernieria   2 sp    and  756   Ellisia   3 sp    Madagascar  
 832 a   Mystacornis   1 sp    Madagascar   787   Calamodus   2 sp    
Europe and Palestine   734   Tatare   2 sp   Samoa to Marquesas Islands  
 
3  PHYLLOSCOPIN    5    Phylloscopus   18 sp    all Pal  arctic and Oriental 
regions to Batchian   757 758 820   Eremomela   16 sp    Tropical and South 
Africa   754   Eroessa   1 sp    Madagascar   5  Hypolais   12 sp    
Pal  arctic region  all India  Timor  North and South Africa   815 816 819  
 Abrornis   26 sp    Oriental region   814   Reguloides   4 sp    
Pal  arctic and continental Oriental regions   822   Sericornis   7 sp    
Australia and Tasmania  823 824 1451   Acanthiza   14 sp    Australia and 
New Caledonia   821   Regulus   7 sp    all Pal  arctic and Nearctic regions 
and south to Guatemala   890   Polioptila   13 sp    Paraguay to New 
Mexico   825   Gerygone   22 sp    Australia  Papuan and Timor groups  New 
Zealand and Norfolk Island  
 
 259 4  SYLVIIN      793   Aedon   9 sp    Spain and Palestine  to East and 
South Africa   858   Drymodes   2 sp    Australia   800   Pyrophthalma   2 
sp    South Europe and Palestine   801   Melizophilus   3 sp    South west 
Europe and North east Africa   802 804   Sylvia     Alsecus   8 sp    
Pal  arctic region to India and Ceylon  and North east Africa   806 809  
 Curruca   7 sp    Central and South Europe  Madeira  Palestine  Central 
India  North east Africa  and South Africa  
 
5  RUTICILLIN      827   Luscinia   2 sp    West Asia  Europe  North Africa  
 839   Cyanecula   3 sp    Europe  North east Africa  India  Ceylon  and 
China   840   Calliope   2 sp    North Asia  Himalayas  Central India  and 
China   838   Erithacus   3 sp    Europe  North east Africa  Japan  and 
North China   828 830 837   Ruticilla   20 sp    Pal  arctic and Oriental 
regions to Senegal and Abyssinia  and east to Timor  abounds in Himalayas  
 829   Ch  marrhornis   1 sp    Himalayas   831 832 834   Larvivora   10 
sp    Oriental region and Japan   833   Notodela   3 sp    Himalayas  Pegu  
Formosa  Java   835   Tarsiger   2 sp    Nepal   841   Grandala   1 sp    
High Himalayas of Nepal  
 
6  SAXICOLIN      975   Copsychus   7 sp    all Oriental region and 
Madagascar   976   Kittacincla   5 sp    Oriental region to  260 Ceylon  
Andaman Islands  Formosa  and Borneo   794 799   Thamnobia   10 sp    
Ethiopian region and India to foot of Himalayas   977   Gervasia   2 sp    
Madagascar and Seychelle Islands   845 847   Dromol  a   18 sp    Africa to 
South Europe  Palestine  North west India  and North China   842 843 846  
 Saxicola   36 sp    Africa  North west India  whole Pal  arctic region  
migrating to Alaska and Greenland   848 849   Oreicola   5 sp    Timor  
Lombok  and Burmah   844   Cercomela   6 sp    North east Africa to 
North west India   850   Pratincola   15 sp    Europe  Ethiopian  and 
Oriental regions to Celebes and Timor   917   Ephthianura   3 sp    
Australia   851 856   Petroeca   17 sp    Australian region  Papua to New 
Zealand  Chatham and Auckland Islands  and Samoa   857   Miro   2 sp    New 
Zealand  doubtfully placed here   
 
7  ACCENTORIN      771   Cinclorhamphus   2 sp    Australia   860   Origma  
 1 sp    East Australia   859   Sialia   8 sp    United States to 
Guatemala   861   Accentor   12 sp    Pal  arctic region to Himalayas and 
North west China   703   Orthonyx   4 sp    East Australia and New Zealand 
 doubtfully placed here   
 
The following two genera  which have been usually classed as Ampelid    are 
arranged by Messrs  Sclater and Salvin in the Sylviid      
 
 1362   Myiadestes   8 sp    Peru and Bolivia  along the Andes to Mexico 
and California  also the Antilles   1364   Cichlopsis   1 sp    Brazil  
 
 
FAMILY 3   TIMALIID     35 Genera  240 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                              2    4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4   1  2    4 
                                                               
 
The Timaliid    or babbling thrushes  are a group of small strong legged 
active birds  mostly of dull colours  which are especially characteristic 
of the Oriental region  in every part of which they abound  while they are 
much less plentiful in  261 Australia and Africa  The Indo Chinese 
sub region is the head quarters of the family  whence it diminishes rapidly 
in all directions in variety of both generic and specific forms  Viscount 
Walden has kindly assisted me in the determination of the limits of this 
family  as to which there is still much difference of opinion  The 
distribution of the genera here admitted is as follows  and as the genera 
are widely scattered in the  Hand List   reference numbers are prefixed in 
every case  
 
 1023 1026 1008   Pomatorhinus   27 sp    the whole Oriental region 
 excluding Philippines   Australia and New Guinea   1027   Pterohinus   3 
sp    North China  East Thibet   1029 1030   Malacocircus   9 sp    
Continental India and Ceylon  Arabia  Nubia   1031   Chatarrh  a   5 sp    
Abyssinia  Palestine  India  Nepal  Burmah  and Philippines   1032  
 Layardia   3 sp    India and Ceylon   1033   Acanthoptila   1 sp    Nepal  
 1034   Cinclosoma   4 sp    Australia and Tasmania   1035 1036  
 Crateropus   18 sp    all Africa  Persia   1037   Hypergerus   1 sp    
West Africa   1038   Cichladusa   3 sp    Tropical Africa   1039  
 Garrulax   23 sp    the Oriental region  excluding Philippines    1040  
 Janthocincla   10 sp    Nepal  to East Thibet  Sumatra  Formosa   1041 
1042   Gampsorhynchus   2 sp    Himalayas   1049   Grammatoptila   1 sp    
North India   1043 1045   Trochalopteron   24 sp    all India to China and 
Formosa   1046   Actinodura   4 sp    Nepal to Burmah  3 000 10 000 feet  
 1047   Pellorneum   4 sp    Nepal to Ceylon  Tenasserim   1158 1159  
 Timalia   12 sp    Malaya  6   1160   Dumetia   2 sp    Central India and 
Ceylon   1162   Stachyris   6 sp    Nepal to Assam  Sumatra  Formosa  
 1164   Pyctorhis   3 sp    India to Ceylon and Burmah   1165   Mixornis  
 8 sp    Himalayas and Malaya   1167   Malacopteron   3 sp    Malaya   1168 
1169   Alcippe   15 sp    Ceylon and South India  Himalayas to Aracan  
Malaya  Formosa  New Guinea   1170   Macronus   2 sp    Malaya   1171  
 Cacopitta   5 sp    Malaya   1172   Trichastoma   11 sp    Nepal  Burmah  
Malaya  Celebes   1173   Napothera   6 sp    Malaya   1174   Drymocataphus  
 8 sp    Burmah  Malaya  Ceylon   262 Timor   1175   Turdinus   5 sp    
Khasia Hills  Malacca  Tenasserim   1176   Trichixos   1 sp    Borneo  
Malacca   1004   Sibia   6 sp    Nepal to Assam  Tenasserim  Formosa   1177 
1178   Alethe   4 sp    West Africa   1178 a   Oxylabes   1 sp    
Madagascar   1050   Psophodes   2 sp    South  East  and West Australia  
 1048   Turnagra   3 sp    New Zealand  
 
 
FAMILY 4   PANURID     4 Genera  13 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                           1  2    4                    3                 
                                                               
 
This new family is adopted  at the suggestion of Professor Newton  to 
include some peculiar groups of Himalayan birds whose position has usually 
been among the Timaliid   or the Parid    but which are now found to be 
allied to our Bearded Reedling  The supposed affinity of this bird for the 
Tits has been long known to be erroneous  and the family Panurid   was 
formed for its reception  Yarrell s  British Birds   4th edit  p  512   The 
genera having hitherto been widely scattered in systematic works  are 
referred to by the numbers of Mr  G  E  Gray s  Hand List   
 
 1901   Paradoxornis   3 sp    Himalayas and East Thibet   1904  
 Conostoma   1 sp    Himalayas and East Thibet   876   Suthora   8 sp    
Himalayas to North west China  Formosa   877   Chlenasicus   1 sp    
Darjeeling   887   Panurus   1 sp    Central and Southern Europe   1902  
 Heteromorpha   1 sp    Nepal  10 000 feet altitude   Cholornis   1 sp    
Moupin in East Thibet  
 
 
FAMILY 5   CINCLID     4 Genera  27 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3         2    4  1  2  3  4            4 1  2  3  4  1          
                                                               
 
 263 The Cinclid   consist of a number of more or less thrush like 
ground birds  of which the most remarkable are the Dippers  forming the 
genus  Cinclus   These are curiously distributed  from the Pal  arctic 
region as a centre  to the alpine districts of North and South America  
while the three genera which are here included as somewhat allied to 
 Cinclus   all inhabit the Oriental region  The genera which I class in 
this family are the following    
 
 978   Cinclus   9 sp    Pal  arctic region to West China and Formosa  Rocky 
Mountains  and Mexico in North America  and southward to the Andes of Peru  
 916   Enicurus   9 sp    Himalayas to Java and West China   979   Eupetes  
 4 sp    Indo Malay sub region and New Guinea   971   Myiophonus   5 sp    
Himalayas to Ceylon  Java  South China  and Formosa  
 
 981   Mesites   1 sp    Madagascar  is an anomalous bird placed with 
 Eupetes  by Mr  G  R  Gray  but of very uncertain affinities  
 
 
FAMILY 6   TROGLODYTID     17 Genera  94 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3           3  4  1          
                                                               
 
The Troglodytid    or Wrens  are small birds  rather abundant and varied in 
the Neotropical region  with a few species scattered through the Nearctic  
Pal  arctic  and parts of the Oriental regions  and one doubtful genus in 
Africa  The constitution of the family is by no means well determined  The 
South American genera are taken from Messrs  Sclater and Salvin s 
 Nomenclator Avium Neotropicalium   
 
 Tesia   2 sp    Eastern Himalayas   Pnoepyga   6 sp    Himalayas to East 
Thibet  Java   716 and 723   Troglodytes   15 sp    Neotropical  Nearctic  
and Pal  arctic regions to the Higher Himalayas   697   Rimator   1 sp    
Darjeeling   Thryothorus   13 sp    South Brazil to Mexico  Martinique  and 
Nearctic region   Thryophilus   13 sp    Brazil to Mexico  and North west 
America   Cistothorus   264  5 sp    Patagonia to Greenland   Uropsila   1 
sp    Mexico   Donacobius   2 sp    Tropical America   Campylorhynchus   18 
sp    Brazil  and Bolivia to Mexico and the Gila valley   Cyphorhinus   5 
sp    Equatorial South America to Costa Rica   Microcerculus   5 sp    
Brazil and Peru to Mexico   Henicorhina   2 sp    Peru and Guiana to Costa 
Rica   Salpinctes   1 sp    High Plains of Rocky Mountains   Catherpes   1 
sp    Mexico and Rio Grande   Cinnicerthia   2 sp    Ecuador and Columbia  
 760   Sylvietta   2 sp    Tropical and South Africa   is placed in this 
family by Mr  Tristram  
 
 
FAMILY 7   CHAM  ID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
              1                                                           
                                                               
 
The bird which forms the genus  Cham  a  inhabits California  and though 
allied to the wrens it has certain peculiarities of structure which  in the 
opinion of many ornithologists  require that it should be placed in a 
distinct family  
 
 
FAMILY 8   CERTHIID     6 Genera  18 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                    3     1  2  3  4               1    3  4   1 2       
                                                               
 
The Certhiid    or Creepers  form a small family whose species are thinly 
scattered over North America from Mexico  the Pal  arctic region  parts of 
the Oriental region  and Australia  where they are somewhat more abundant  
The distribution of the genera is as follows  
 
 Certhia   6 sp    Nearctic and Pal  arctic regions  Nepal  and Sikhim  
 Salpornis   1 sp    Central India   Tichodroma    1 sp    South 
 265 Europe to Abyssinia  Nepal  and North China   Rhabdornis   1 sp    
Philippine Islands   Climacteris   8 sp    Australia and New Guinea  
 
 
FAMILY 9   SITTID     6 Genera  31 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
              1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4              1  2  3  4   1  2    4 
                                                               
 
The Sittid    or Nuthatches  are another small family of tree creeping 
birds  whose distribution is very similar to that of the Certhiid    but 
with a more uniform range over the Oriental region  and extending to New 
Zealand and Madagascar  The genera are as follows    
 
 Sitta   17 sp    Pal  arctic and Nearctic regions to South India and 
Mexico   Dendrophila   2 sp    Ceylon and India to Burmah and Malaya  
 Hypherpes   1 sp    Madagascar   Sittella   6 sp    Australia and New 
Guinea   Acanthisitta   1 sp   and  Xenicus   4 sp    New Zealand  are 
placed with some doubt in this family  
 
 
FAMILY 10   PARID     14 Genera  92 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
        3     1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3     1  2  3  4      2    4 
                                                               
 
The Parid    or Tits  are very abundant in the Nearctic and Pal  arctic 
regions  many fine species are found in the Himalayas  but they are 
sparingly scattered through the Ethiopian  Oriental  and Australian 
regions  The genera usually admitted into this family are the following  
but the position of some of them  especially of the Australian forms  is 
doubtful  
 
 864 867 870   Parus   46 sp    North America  from Mexico  Pal  arctic  and 
Oriental regions  Tropical and South Africa   266  868 869   Lophophanes  
 10 sp    Europe  the Higher Himalayas to Sikhim  North America to Mexico  
 Acredula     Orites   6 sp    Pal  arctic region   Melanochlora   2 sp    
Nepal to Sumatra   Psaltria   1 sp    Java   Psaltriparus   3 sp    
Guatemala to California  and Rocky Mountains   Auriparus   1 sp    Rio 
Grande   881 882   Parisoma   5 sp    Tropical and South Africa   883 884  
   githalus   6 sp    South east Europe to South Africa   885 889  
   githaliscus   6 sp    Afghanistan and Himalayas to Amoy   Cephalopyrus  
 1 sp    North west Himalayas   Sylviparus   1 sp    Himalayas and Central 
India   Certhiparus   2 sp    New Zealand   879 880   Sphenostoma   2 sp    
East and South Australia  
 
 
FAMILY 11   LIOTRICHID     11 Genera  35 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                        3  4              
                                                               
 
The Liotrichid    or Hill Tits  are small  active  delicately coloured 
birds  almost confined to the Himalayas and their extension eastward to 
China  They are now generally admitted to form a distinct family  The 
genera are distributed as follows  
 
 1146   Liothrix   3 sp    Himalayas to China   Siva   3 sp    Himalayas  
 Minla   4 sp    Himalayas and East Thibet   Proparus   7 sp    Nepal to 
East Thibet and Aracan   1153   Pteruthius   6 sp    Himalayas to Java and 
West China   1155   Cutia   2 sp    Nepal   1019   Yuhina   3 sp    High 
Himalayas and Moupin   1020   Ixulus   3 sp    Himalayas to Tenasserim  
 1021   Myzornis   1 sp    Darjeeling  
 
 
FAMILY 12   PHYLLORNITHID     3 Genera  14 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                  1  2  3  4              
                                                               
 
 267 The Phyllornithid    or  Green Bulbuls   are a small group of 
fruit eating birds  strictly confined to the Oriental region  and ranging 
over the whole of it  with the one exception of the Philippine Islands  The 
genera are    
 
 1022   Phyllornis   12 sp    India to Java  Ceylon  and Hainan   1166  
 Iora   4 sp    the whole Oriental region   1163   Erpornis   2 sp    
Borneo  Himalayas  Hainan  and Formosa  
 
 
FAMILY 13   PYCNONOTID     9 Genera  139 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                              2    4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1          
                                                               
 
The Pycnonotid    Bulbuls  or fruit thrushes  are highly characteristic of 
the Oriental region  in every part of which they abound  less plentiful in 
the Ethiopian region  and extending to Palestine and Japan in the 
Pal  arctic  and to the Moluccas in the Australian region  but absent from 
the intervening island of Celebes  The genera are    
 
MICROSCELIS  6 sp    Burmah  the Indo Malay Islands  and Japan  
 Pycnonotus   52 sp   in many sub genera   Palestine to South Africa  the 
whole Oriental region  China and Japan   Alcurus   1 sp    Himalayas  
 Hemixus   2 sp    Nepal  Bootan  Hainan   Phyllastrephus   4 sp    West 
and South Africa   Hypsipetes   20 sp    the whole Oriental region  
Madagascar and the Mascarene Islands   Tylas   1 sp    Madagascar  
 Criniger   30 sp    the whole Oriental region  excluding Philippines   
West and South Africa  Moluccas   Ixonotus   7 sp    West Africa   1015 
1017   Setornis   3 sp    Malacca  Sumatra  and Borneo   Iole   4 sp    
Aracan and Malaya   Andropadus   9 sp    Tropical Africa   1157  
 Lioptilus   1 sp    South Africa  
 
 
 268 FAMILY 14   ORIOLID     5 Genera  40 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                           1  2    4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2       
                                                               
 
The Orioles  or Golden Thrushes  are a small group characteristic of the 
Oriental and Ethiopian regions  migrating into the western Pal  arctic 
region  and with some of the less typical forms in Australia  The genera 
are    
 
 Oriolus   24 sp    Central Europe  throughout Africa  and the whole 
Oriental region  northward to Pekin  and eastward to Flores   1073  
 Analcipus   3 sp    Himalayas  Formosa  Java and Borneo   Mimeta   9 sp    
the Moluccas and Australia   Sphecotheres   3 sp    Timor and Australia  
 Artamia   1 sp    Madagascar   perhaps belongs to the next family or to 
Laniid    
 
 
FAMILY 15   CAMPEPHAGID    3 Genera  100 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                      1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3    
                                                               
 
The Campephagid    or Cuckoo Shrikes   Campephagin   of the  Hand List   with 
the addition of  Cochoa   are most abundant in the Australian region 
 especially in the Austro Malay sub region   less so in the Oriental  and 
still less in the Ethiopian region  The genera  for the most part as 
adopted by Dr  Hartlaub  are as follows    
 
 Pericrocotus   22 sp    the whole Oriental region  extending north to 
Pekin  and east to Lombok   1242 1244   Lanicterus   4 sp    West and South 
Africa   1245 1246   Graucalus   25 sp    the whole Oriental region  and 
eastward to Austro Malaya  the New  269 Hebrides  and Tasmania   Artamides  
 1 sp    Celebes   Pteropodocys   1 sp    Australia   1248 1250 1257 1258  
 Campephaga   16 sp    Austro Malaya  and New Caledonia  Philippines  the 
Ethiopian region   Volvocivora   8 sp   the Oriental region  excluding 
Philippines    Lalage   18 sp    the whole Malay Archipelago to New 
Caledonia and Australia   Symmorphus   1 sp    Australia   Oxynotus   2 
sp    Mauritius and Bourbon   1204   Cochoa   3 sp    Himalayas  Java  The 
position of this last genus is doubtful  Jerdon puts it in the Liotrichid    
Sundeval in the Sturnid    Bonaparte in the Dicrurid    Professor Newton 
suggests the Pycnonotid    but it seems on the whole best placed here  
 
 
FAMILY 16   DICRURID     6 Genera  58 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                      1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2       
                                                               
 
The Dicrurid    or Drongo Shrikes  Dicrurid   of the  Hand List   omitting 
the genus  Mel  nornis    have nearly the same distribution as the last 
family  with which they are sometimes united  They are  however  most 
abundant and varied in the Oriental region  much less so both in the 
Australian and Ethiopian regions  The distribution of the genera is as 
follows    
 
 Dicrurus   46 sp   in several sub genera   has the range of the whole 
family  extending east to New Ireland  and one species in Australia  
 Ch  torhynchus   1 sp    New Guinea   Bhringa   2 sp    Himalayas to Borneo 
 Plate IX  vol  i  p  339    Chibia   2 sp    Himalayas eastward to North 
China   Chaptia   3 sp    all India to Malacca and Formosa   Irena   4 
sp    Central India  Assam  and Burmah to Borneo and the Philippine 
Islands  This last genus is placed by Jerdon among the Pycnonotid    but 
seems to come most naturally here or in the last family  
 
 
 270 FAMILY 17   MUSCICAPID     44 Genera  283 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                          1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
The Muscicapid    or Flycatchers  Muscicapin   and Myiagrin   of the  Hand 
List   omitting  Cochoa  and including  Pogonocichla   form an extensive 
family of usually small sized and often bright coloured birds  very 
abundant in the warmer regions of the Old World and Australia  but becoming 
scarce as we approach the temperate and colder regions  They are wholly 
absent from North and South America  The genera  many of which are not well 
defined  are distributed as follows    
 
 Peltops   1 sp    Papuan Islands   Monarcha   28 sp    Moluccas to the 
Carolines and Marquesas Islands  Australia and Tasmania   Leucophantes   1 
sp    New Guinea   Butalis   4 sp    Ethiopian and Pal  arctic regions  
Moluccas and Formosa   Muscicapa   12 sp    Europe and Africa  
 Muscicapula   6 sp    India to Western China   Alseonax   1 sp    South 
Africa   Erythrosterna   7 sp    Europe to China and Java   Newtonia   1 
sp    Madagascar   Xanthopygia   2 sp    Japan  China  Malacca   Hemipus  
 1 sp    India and Ceylon   Pycnophrys   1 sp    Java   Hyliota   2 sp    
West Africa   Erythrocercus   2 sp    West Africa and Zambesi   Micr  ca   6 
sp    Australia  Timor  and Papuan Islands   Artomyias   2 sp    West 
Africa   Pseudobias   1 sp    Madagascar   Hemichelidon   3 sp    the 
Oriental region and North China   Smithornis   2 sp    West and South 
Africa   Megabias   1 sp    West Africa   Cassinia   2 sp    West Africa  
 Bias    1 sp    Tropical Africa   Niltava   3 sp    Himalayas to West 
China   Cyornis   16 sp    the whole Oriental region   Cyanoptila   1 sp    
Japan  China  Hainan   Eumyias   7 sp    India to South China  Ceylon  and 
Sumatra   1213 and 1216   Siphia   8 sp    North India  Formosa  Timor  
 Anthipes   1 sp    Nepal   Seisura   5 sp    Australia and 
 271 Austro Malaya  excluding Celebes    Myiagra   16 sp    Australia and 
Moluccas to Caroline and Samoa Islands   Hypothymis   2 sp    Oriental 
region and Celebes   Elminia   2 sp    Tropical Africa   Muscitodus   2 
sp    Fiji Islands   Mach  rirhynchus   4 sp    Papuan Islands and North 
Australia   Platystira   12 sp    Tropical and South Africa   Rhipidura  
 45 sp    the Oriental and Australian regions to the Samoa Islands and 
Tasmania   Chelidorynx   1 sp    North India   Myialestes   2 sp    India 
to Ceylon  China  Java and Celebes   Tchitrea   26 sp    the entire 
Ethiopian and Oriental regions  and to North China and Japan   Philentoma  
 4 sp    Malacca  Sumatra  Borneo  and Philippine Islands   Todopsis   6 
sp    Papuan Islands   836   Pogonocichla   1 sp    South Africa  
 1061 1063   Bradyornis   7 sp    Tropical and South Africa   1460  
 Chasiempis   2 sp    Sandwich Islands  
 
 
FAMILY 18   PACHYCEPHALID     5 Genera  62 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                               4        3  4  1  2  3    
                                                               
 
The Pachycephalid    or Thick headed Shrikes  Pachycephalin   of the  Hand 
List  omitting  Colluricincla    Cracticus   and  Pardalotus   are almost 
confined to the Australian region  a single species extending to Java and 
Aracan  and another     to Madagascar  The family has generally been united 
with the Laniid    but most modern ornithologists consider it to be 
distinct  The distribution of the genera is as follows    
 
 Oreoeca   1 sp    Australia   Falcunculus   2 sp    Australia  
 Pachycephala   44 sp    Sula Islands  east of Celebes  to the Fiji 
Islands  and Australia   Hylocharis   4 sp    Timor  Celebes  Indo Malaya  
and Aracan   Calicalicus   1 sp    Madagascar   Eopsaltria   14 sp    
Australia  New Caledonia  and the New Hebrides   Artamia   4 sp    
Madagascar   may belong to this family  or to Laniid    Oriolid    or 
Artamid    according to different authors  
 
 
 272 FAMILY 19   LANIID     19 Genera  145 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
              1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3    
                                                               
 
The Laniid    or Shrikes  Laniin   and Malaconotin   of the  Hand List   and 
including  Colluricincla    are most abundant and varied in Africa  less 
plentiful in the Oriental  Australian  and Pal  arctic regions  with a few 
species in the Nearctic region as far as Mexico  The constitution of the 
family is  however  somewhat uncertain  The genera here admitted are    
 
 Colluricincla   4 sp    Australia and Tasmania   Rectes   18 sp    Papuan 
Islands  North Australia  to Pelew and Fiji Islands   1462 1464 1466 1470 
1471 1473   Lanius   50 sp    the whole Nearctic  Pal  arctic  Ethiopian  
and Oriental regions  one species reaching Timor  none in Madagascar  
 Laniellus   1 sp    Java   Hypocolius   1 sp    Abyssinia and Upper Nile  
 Corvinella   1 sp    South and West Africa   Urolestes   1 sp    South and 
East Africa   Tephrodornis   4 sp    Oriental region to Hainan and Java  
 Hypodes   1 sp    West Africa   Fraseria   2 sp    West Africa  
 Cuphopterus   1 sp    Princes  Island   Nilaus   1 sp    South and West 
Africa   Prionops   9 sp    Tropical Africa   Eurocephalus   2 sp    North  
East  and South Africa  and Abyssinia   Chaunonotus   1 sp    West Africa  
 Vanga   4 sp    Madagascar  Plate VI  vol  i  p  278    Laniarius   36 
sp    the whole Ethiopian region   Telephonus   10 sp    all Africa and 
South Europe   Meristes   2 sp    Tropical and South Africa   Nicator   1 
sp    East Africa  
 
 
FAMILY 20   CORVID     24 Genera  190 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3    
                                                               
 
 273 The Corvid    or Crows  Jays   c   form an extensive and somewhat 
heterogeneous group  some members of which inhabit almost every part of the 
globe  although none of the genera are cosmopolitan  The true crows are 
found everywhere but in South America  the magpies  choughs  and 
nutcrackers are characteristic of the Pal  arctic region  the jays are 
Pal  arctic  Oriental  and American  while the piping crows are peculiarly 
Australian  The more detailed distribution of the genera is as follows    
 
Sub family I  Gymnorhinin    Piping Crows     Strepera   4 sp    and 
 Gymnorhina   3 sp    are Australian only   Cracticus   9 sp    ranges from 
New Guinea to Tasmania  this is usually put with the Shrikes  but it has 
more affinity with the preceding genera    Pityriasis   1 sp    Borneo  an 
extraordinary bird of very doubtful affinities    Grallina   1 sp    
Australia  is put here by Sundevall   among Motacillid    by Gould  
 
Sub family II   Garrulin     Jays     Platylophus     Lophocitta   4 sp    
Malaya   Garrulus   12 sp    Pal  arctic region  China and Himalayas  
 Perisoreus   2 sp    North of Pal  arctic and Nearctic regions   Cyanurus  
 22 sp    American  from Bolivia to Canada  most abundant in Central 
America  but absent from the Antilles   Cyanocorax   15 sp    La Plata to 
Mexico   Calocitta   2 sp    Guatemala and Mexico   Psilorhinus   3 sp    
Costa Rica to Texas   Urocissa   6 sp    Western Himalayas to China and 
Formosa   Cissa   3 sp    South eastern Himalayas to Tenasserim  Ceylon  
Sumatra  and Java  
 
Sub family III  Dendrocittin    Tree Crows     Temnurus   3 sp    Cochin 
China  Malacca to Borneo  not Java    Dendrocitta   9 sp    the Oriental 
region to Sumatra  Hainan  and Formosa   Crypsirhina   3 sp    Pegu  Siam  
and Java   Ptilostomus   2 sp    West  East  and South Africa  
 
Sub family IV  Corvin    Crows and Magpies     Nucifraga   4 sp    
Pal  arctic region to the Himalayas and North China   Picicorvus   1 sp    
the Rocky Mountains and California   Gymnokitta   1 sp    Rocky Mountains 
and Arizona  Plate XVIII   Vol  II   p  128    Pica   9 sp    Pal  arctic 
region  Arctic America  and California   Cyanopica   3 sp    Spain  
North east Asia  Japan   274  Streptocitta   2 sp    Celebes   Charitornis  
 1 sp    Sula Islands   Corvus   55 sp    universally distributed except 
South America and New Zealand  but found in Guatemala and the Antilles to 
Porto Rico  reaches the extreme north of Europe and Asia   Gymnocorvus   2 
sp    Papuan Islands   Picathartes   1 sp    West Africa   Corvultur   2 
sp    Tropical and South Africa  
 
Sub family V  Fregilin    Choughs     Fregilus   3 sp    mountains and 
cliffs of Pal  arctic region from West Europe to the Himalayas and North 
China  Abyssinia  Plate I   Vol  I   p  195    Corcorax   1 sp    
Australia  
 
 
FAMILY 21   PARADISEID     19 Genera  34 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                              1  2       
                                                               
 
The Paradiseid    or  Birds of Paradise   form one of the most remarkable 
families of birds  unsurpassed alike for the singularity and the beauty of 
their plumage  Till recently the family was restricted to about eight 
species of the more typical Paradise birds  but in his splendid monograph 
of the group  Mr  Elliot has combined together a number of allied forms 
which had been doubtfully placed in several adjacent families  The various 
species of true Paradise birds  having ornamental plumes developed from 
different parts of the body  are almost wholly confined to New Guinea and 
the adjacent Papuan Islands  one species only being found in the Moluccas 
and one in North Australia  while the less typical Bower birds  having no 
such developments of plumage  are most characteristic of the north and east 
of Australia  with a few species in New Guinea  The distribution of the 
genera according to Mr  Elliot s monograph is as follows    
 
Sub family I  Paradisein      Paradisea   4 sp    Papuan Islands  
 Manucodia   3 sp    Papuan Islands and North Australia   Astrapia   1 
sp    New Guinea   Parotia   1 sp    New Guinea   Lophorhina   1 sp    New 
Guinea   Diphyllodes   3 sp    Papuan  275 Islands   Xanthomelus   1 sp    
New Guinea   Cicinnurus   1 sp    Papuan Islands   Paradigalla   1 sp    
New Guinea   Semioptera   1 sp    Gilolo and Batchian  
 
Sub family II  Epimachin      Epimachus   1 sp    New Guinea   Drepanornis  
 1 sp    New Guinea   Seleucides   1 sp    New Guinea  Plate X   Vol  I   
p  414    Ptilorhis   4 sp    New Guinea and North Australia  
 
Sub family III  Tectonarchin    Bower birds     Sericulus   1 sp    Eastern 
Australia   Ptilonorhynchus   1 sp    Eastern Australia   Chlamydodera   4 
sp    North and East Australia     lur  dus   3 sp    Papuan Islands and East 
Australia   Amblyornis   1 sp    New Guinea  
 
 
FAMILY 22   MELIPHAGID     23 Genera  190 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                              1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
   As in the  Hand List   but omitting Zosterops  and slightly altering the 
  arrangement   
 
The extensive group of the Meliphagid    or Honey suckers  is wholly 
Australian  for the genus  Zosterops   which extends into the Oriental and 
Ethiopian regions  does not naturally belong to it  Several of the genera 
are confined to Australia  others to New Zealand  while a few range over 
the whole Australian region  The genera are distributed as follows    
 
 Myzomela   18 sp    has the widest range  extending from Celebes to the 
Samoa Islands  and to Timor and Eastern Australia   Entomophila   4 sp    
Australia and New Guinea   Gliciphila   10 sp    Australia  Timor  New 
Guinea  and New Caledonia   Acanthorhynchus   2 sp    Australia and 
Tasmania  Meliphaga  1 sp    Australia   Ptilotis   40 sp    Gilolo and 
Lombok to Australia and Tasmania  and to the Samoa and Tonga Islands  
 Meliornis   5 sp    Australia and Tasmania   Prosthemadera   1 sp    
 Pogonornis   1 sp    New Zealand   Anthornis   4 sp    New Zealand and 
Chatham Islands   Anthoch  ra   4 sp    Australia and Tasmania  
 276  Xanthotis   4 sp    Papuan Islands and Australia   Leptornis   2 
sp    Samoa Islands and New Caledonia   Philemon     Tropidorhyncus   18 
sp    Moluccas and Lombok to New Guinea  Australia  Tasmania and New 
Caledonia   Entomiza   2 sp    Australia   Manorhina   5 sp    Australia 
and Tasmania   Euthyrhynchus   3 sp    New Guinea   Melirrhophetes   2 
sp    New Guinea   Melidectes   1 sp    New Guinea   Melipotes   1 sp    
New Guinea   Melithreptus   8 sp    New Guinea  Australia  and Tasmania  
 397   Moho   3 sp    Sandwich Islands   Ch  toptila   1 sp    Sandwich 
Islands  
 
 
FAMILY 23   NECTARINIID     11 Genera  122 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                             2        1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2       
                                                               
 
The Nectariniid    or Sun birds  form a rather extensive group of 
insectivorous honey suckers  often adorned with brilliant metallic plumage  
and bearing a superficial resemblance to the American humming birds  
although not in any way related to them  They abound in the Ethiopian  
Oriental  and Australian regions  as far east as New Ireland  and south to 
Queensland  while one species inhabits the hot Jordan Valley in the 
Pal  arctic region  For the Eastern genera I follow Lord Walden s 
classification  Ibis  1870   the African species not having been so 
carefully studied are mostly placed in one genus  The genera adopted are as 
follows    
 
 Promerops   1 sp    South Africa   Nectarinia   60 sp    the whole 
Ethiopian region   Cinnyricinclus   5 sp    West Africa   Neodrepanis   1 
sp    Madagascar   Arachnecthra   13 sp    Palestine  all India to Hainan  
the Papuan Islands  and North east Australia     thopyga   15 sp    
Himalayas and Central India to West China  Hainan  Java  and Northern 
Celebes   Nectarophila   5 sp    Central India and Ceylon  Assam and Aracan 
to Java  Celebes and the Philippines   Chalcostetha   6 sp    Malay 
Peninsula to New Guinea   Anthreptes   1 sp    Siam  Malay Peninsula to 
 277 Sula Islands  and Flores   Cosmeteira   1 sp    Papuan Islands  
 Arachnothera   15 sp    the Oriental region  excluding Philippines  
Celebes  Lombok  and Papuan Islands  
 
 
FAMILY 24   DIC  ID     5 Genera  107 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                   4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
The Dic  id    or Flower peckers  consist of very small  gaily coloured 
birds  rather abundant over the whole Oriental and much of the Australian 
regions  and one genus extending over the Ethiopian region  The genera here 
adopted are the following    
 
 622   Zosterops   68 sp    the whole Ethiopian  Oriental  and Australian 
regions  as far east as the Fiji Islands  and north to Pekin and Japan  
 400 403   Dic  um   25 sp    the whole Oriental region  except China  with 
the Australian region as far as the Solomon Islands   404   Pachyglossa   2 
sp  1437 1442   Nepal and Northern Celebes   405   Piprisoma   2 sp    
Himalayas to Ceylon and Timor   1450   Pardalotus   10 sp    Australia and 
Tasmania   407 409   Prionochilus   5 sp    Indo Malay sub region and 
Papuan Islands  
 
 
FAMILY 25   DREPANIDID     4 Genera  8 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                                    3    
                                                               
 
The Drepanidid   are confined to the Sandwich Islands  and I follow Mr  
Sclater s suggestion in bringing together the following genera to form this 
family    
 
 Drepanis   3 sp     Hemignathus   3 sp     Loxops   1 sp     Psittirostra  
 1 sp    If these are correctly associated  the great  278 differences in 
the bill indicate that they are the remains of a larger and more varied 
family  once inhabiting more extensive land surfaces in the Pacific  
 
 
FAMILY 26   COEREBID     11 Genera  55 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3  4        3                                                     
                                                               
 
   According to the arrangement of Messrs  Sclater and Salvin   
 
The Coerebid    or Sugar birds  are delicate little birds allied to the 
preceding families  but with extensile honey sucking tongues  They are 
almost wholly confined to the tropical parts of America  only one species 
of  Certhiola  ranging so far north as Florida  The following is the 
distribution of the genera    
 
 Diglossa   14 sp    Peru and Bolivia to Guiana and Mexico   Diglossopis  
 1 sp    Ecuador to Venezuela   Oreomanes   1 sp    Ecuador   Conirostrum  
 6 sp    Bolivia to Ecuador and Columbia   Hemidacnis   1 sp    Upper 
Amazon and Columbia   Dacnis   13 sp    Brazil to Ecuador and Costa Rica  
 Certhidea   2 sp    Galapagos Islands   Chlorophanes   2 sp    Brazil to 
Central America and Cuba   Coereba   4 sp    Brazil to Mexico   Certhiola  
 10 sp    Amazon to Mexico  West Indies  and Florida   Glossoptila   1 
sp    Jamaica  
 
 
FAMILY 27   MNIOTILTID     18 Genera  115 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3  4  1  2  3  4                                                  
                                                               
 
   Messrs  Sclater and Salvin are followed for the Neotropical  Baird and 
  Allen for the Nearctic region   
 
The Mniotiltid    or Wood warblers  are an interesting group of small and 
elegant birds  allied to the preceding family and to the greenlets  and 
perhaps also to the warblers and tits of Europe   279 They range over all 
North America from Panama to the Arctic regions  but do not extend far 
beyond the tropic in Southern America  They are almost as abundant in the 
Nearctic as in the Neotropical region  and considering the favourable 
conditions of existence in Tropical America  this fact  in connection with 
their absence from the South Temperate zone would lead us to suppose that 
they originated in North Temperate America  and subsequently spread 
southward into the tropics  This supposition is strengthened by the fact 
that their metropolis  in the breeding season  is to the north of the 
United States  The genera adopted by Messrs  Sclater and Salvin are as 
follows    
 
 918   Siurus   4 sp    Venezuela and West Indies to Eastern States and 
Canada   Mniotilta   1 sp    Venezuela  Mexico  and Antilles to the Eastern 
States   Parula   5 sp    Brazil to Mexico  and the Eastern States  and 
Canada   Protonotaria   1 sp    Antilles to Ohio   Helminthophaga   8 sp    
Columbia to Arctic America   Helmintherus   2 sp    Central America to 
Eastern States   Perissoglossa   1 sp    Antilles and Eastern States  
 Dendroeca   33 sp    Amazon to Antilles  and Arctic America  and south to 
Chili   Oporornis   2 sp    Guatemala to Eastern States   Geothlypis   11 
sp    all North America and Brazil   Myiodioctes   5 sp    all North 
America and Columbia   Basileuterus   22 sp    Bolivia and Brazil to 
Mexico   Setophaga   15 sp    Brazil to Canada   Ergaticus   2 sp    
Guatemala and Mexico   Cardellina   1 sp    Guatemala and Mexico   1440  
 Granatellus   3 sp    Amazon to Mexico   1441   Teretristis   2 sp    
Cuba   1439   Icteria   2 sp    Costa Rica and United States to Canada  
 
 
FAMILY 28   VIREONID     7 Genera  63 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3  4  1  2  3  4                                                  
                                                               
 
 Messrs  Sclater and Salvin are followed for the Neotropical genera  
Professor Baird and Mr  Allen for those of the Nearctic region   
 
 280 The Vireonid    or Greenlets  are a family of small fly catching birds 
wholly restricted to the American continent  where they range from Paraguay 
to Canada  They are allied to the Mniotiltid   and perhaps also to the 
Australian Pachycephalid    Only two of the genera  with about a dozen 
species  inhabit the Nearctic region  The distribution of the genera is as 
follows    
 
 Vireosylvia   13 sp    Venezuela to Mexico  the Antilles  the Eastern 
States and Canada   Vireo   14 sp    Central America and the Antilles to 
Canada   Neochloe   1 sp    Mexico   Hylophilus   20 sp    Brazil to 
Mexico   Laletes   1 sp    Jamaica   Vireolanius   5 sp    Amazonia to 
Mexico   Cychlorhis   9 sp    Paraguay to Mexico  
 
 
FAMILY 29   AMPELID     4 Genera  9 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
        3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4                                      
                                                               
 
The Ampelid    represented in Europe by the waxwing  are a small family  
characteristic of the Nearctic and Pal  arctic regions  but extending 
southward to Costa Rica and the West Indian islands  The genera are 
distributed as follows    
 
 1539   Ampelis   3 sp    the Pal  arctic and Nearctic regions  and 
southward to Guatemala   1360   Ptilogonys   2 sp    Central America  
 1442   Dulus   2 sp    West Indian Islands   1361   Ph  nopepla   1 sp    
Mexico and the Gila Valley  
 
 
FAMILY 30   HIRUNDINID     9 Genera  91 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
 281 The Hirundinid    or Swallows  are true cosmopolites  Although they do 
not range quite so far north  except as stragglers  as a few of the extreme 
polar birds  yet they pass beyond the Arctic Circle both in America and 
Europe   Cotyle riparia  having been observed in the Parry Islands  while 
 Hirundo rustica  has been seen both in Spitzbergen and Nova Zembla  
 Cotyle riparia  and  Chelidon urbica  also breed in great numbers in 
northern Lapland  latitude 67   to 70   north  Many of the species also  have 
an enormous range  the common swallow   Hirundo rustica   inhabiting 
Europe  Asia and Africa  from Lapland to the Cape of Good Hope and to the 
Moluccas  The genera of swallows are not well determined  a number having 
been established of which the value is uncertain  I admit the following  
referring by numbers to the  Hand List     
 
 215 221 226 228   Hirundo   40 sp    the range of the entire family   222 
223   Psalidoprogne   10 sp    Tropical and South Africa   224   Phedina  
 1 sp    Madagascar and Mascarene Islands   225   Petrochelidon   5 sp    
North and South America and Cape of Good Hope   220 232  234   Atticora   8 
sp    the Neotropical region and   Australia   235 237   Cotyle   11 sp    
Europe  India  Africa  North America  Antilles and Ecuador   236  
 Stelgidopteryx   5 sp    La Plata to United States   238 and 239  
 Chelidon   6 sp    Pal  arctic region  Nepal  Borneo   240 242   Progne   5 
sp    all North and South America  
 
 
FAMILY 31   ICTERID     24 Genera  110 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4                                                  
                                                               
 
The Icterid    or American hang nests  range over the whole continent  from 
Patagonia and the Falkland Islands to the Arctic Circle  Only about 20 
species inhabit the Nearctic region  while  as usual with exclusively 
American families  the larger proportion of the genera and species are 
found in the  282 tropical parts of South America  The genera adopted by 
Messrs  Sclater and Salvin are the following    
 
 Clypeicterus   1 sp    Upper Amazon   Ocycalus   2 sp    Upper Amazon to 
Mexico   Ostinops   8 sp    Brazil and Bolivia to Mexico   Cassiculus   1 
sp    Mexico   Cassicus   10 sp    South Brazil and Bolivia to Costa Rica  
 Icterus   34 sp    La Plata to the Antilles and United States  
 Dolichonyx   1 sp    Paraguay to Canada   Molothrus   8 sp    La Plata to 
Northern United States   Agel  us   7 sp    La Plata and Chili to Northern 
United States   Xanthocephalus   1 sp    Mexico to California and Canada  
 Xanthosomus   4 sp    La Plata to Venezuela   Amblyrhamphus   1 sp    La 
Plata and Bolivia   Gymnomystax   1 sp    Amazonia and Guiana  
 Pseudoleistes   2 sp    La Plata and Brazil   Leistes   3 sp    La Plata 
to Venezuela   Sturnella   5 sp    Patagonia and Falkland Islands to Middle 
United States   Cur  us   1 sp    Chili   Nesopsar   1 sp    Jamaica  
 Scolecophgaus   2 sp    Mexico to Arctic Circle   Lampropsar   4 sp    
Amazonia and Ecuador to Mexico   Quiscalus   10 sp    Venezuela and 
Columbia to South and Central United States   Hypopyrrhus   1 sp    
Columbia   Aphobus   1 sp    Brazil and Bolivia   Cassidix   2 sp    Brazil 
to Mexico and Cuba  
 
 
FAMILY 32   TANAGRID     43 Genera  304 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4     2  3                                                     
                                                               
 
The Tanagers are an extensive family of varied and beautiful fruit eating 
birds  almost peculiar to the Neotropical region  only four species of a 
single genus   Pyranga   extending into the Eastern United States and Rocky 
Mountains  Southward they range to La Plata  They are especially abundant 
in the forest regions of South America east of the Andes  where no less 
than 40 out of the 43 genera occur  23 of the genera are peculiar to this 
sub region  while only 1   Phlogothraupis   is  283 peculiar to Central 
America and Mexico  and 2   Spindalis  and  Ph  nicophilus   to the West 
Indian islands  The genera adopted by Messrs  Sclater and Salvin with their 
distribution will be found at Vol  II   p  99  in our account of 
Neotropical Zoology  
 
 
FAMILY 33   FRINGILLID     74 Genera  509 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4              
                                                               
 
The great family of the Fringillid    or finches  is in a very unsettled 
state as regards their division into genera  the most divergent views being 
held by ornithologists as to the constitution and affinities of many of the 
groups  All the Australian finch like birds appear to belong to the 
Ploceid    so that the finches  as here constituted  are found in every 
region and sub region  except the Australian region from which they are 
entirely absent  a peculiar distribution hardly to be found in any other 
family of birds  
 
Many European ornithologists separate the Emberizid    or buntings  as a 
distinct family  but as the American genera have not been so divided I am 
obliged to keep them together  but the genera usually classed as  buntings  
are placed last  as a sub family  In the following arrangement of the 
genera  I have done what I could to harmonize the views of the best modern 
writers  For convenience of reference the succession of the genera is that 
of the  Hand List   and the numbers of the sub genera are given whenever 
practicable    
 
 1793 1795   Fringilla   6 sp    the whole Pal  arctic region  including the 
Atlantic Islands   1794   Acanthis   3 sp    Europe to Siberia  Persia  and 
North West Himalayas   1796   Procarduelis   1 sp    High Himalayas and 
East Thibet   1797 1803   Chrysomitris   18 sp    Neotropical and Nearctic 
regions  Europe  and Siberia   1804   Metoponia   1 sp    East Europe to 
North West Himalayas   1805 and 1809   Chlorospiza   9 sp    Pal  arctic 
region and Africa to the  284 Cape of Good Hope   1806 1809   Dryospiza  
 14 sp    South Europe  Palestine  Canaries  and all Africa   1810  
 Sycalis   18 sp    the whole Neotropical region   1811 1813 1816 1819  
 Pyrgita   34 sp    Pal  arctic and Oriental regions  and all Africa   1814  
 Montifringilla   4 sp    Pal  arctic region   1815   Fringillauda   2 sp    
North West Himalayas to East Thibet   1820 1822   Coccothraustes   6 sp    
Pal  arctic region and Nepal  Nearctic region to Mexico   1823   Eophona   2 
sp    China and Japan   1824   Mycerobas   2 sp    Central Asia to Persia  
High Himalayas  and East Thibet   1825   Chaunoproctus   1 sp    Bonin 
Islands  south east of Japan   probably Pal  arctic    1826   Geospiza   7 
sp    Galapagos Islands   1827   Camarhynchus   5 sp    Galapagos Islands  
 1828   Cactornis   4 sp    Galapagos Islands   1830 1832   Phrygilus   10 
sp    Columbia to Fuegia and the Falkland Islands   1833   Xenospingus   1 
sp    Peru   1834   Diuca   3 sp    Peru to Chili and Patagonia   1835 and 
1837   Emberizoides   3 sp    Venezuela to Paraguay   1836   Donacospiza  
 1 sp    South Brazil and La Plata   1839   Cham  ospiza   1 sp    Mexico  
 1838 and 1840   Embernagra   9 sp    Arizona to La Plata   1841  
 H  mophila   6 sp    Mexico to Costa Rica   1842   Atlapetes   1 sp    
Mexico   1843   Pyrgisoma   5 sp    Mexico to Costa Rica   1844 and 1845  
 Pipilo   12 sp    all North America to Guatemala   1846   Junco   6 sp    
all the United States to Guatemala   1847   Zonotrichia   9 sp    the whole 
Nearctic and Neotropical regions   1848 1849   Melospiza   7 sp    Sitka 
and United States to Guatemala   1850   Spizella   7 sp    Canada to 
Guatemala   1851   Passerella   4 sp    the Nearctic region and Northern 
Asia   1852   Passerculus   6 sp    Nearctic region and to Guatemala  
 1853   Pooecetes   1 sp    all United States and Mexico   1854  
 Ammodromus   4 sp    all United States to Guatemala   1855   Coturniculus  
 6 sp    north and east of North America to Jamaica and Bolivia   1856  
 Peuc  a   6 sp    South Atlantic States and California to Mexico   1857  
 Tiaris   1 sp    Brazil   1858   Volatinia   1 sp    Mexico to Brazil and 
Bolivia   1859   Cyanospiza   5 sp    Canada to Guatemala   1860 1861  
 Paroaria   6 sp    Tropical South America  east of the Andes   1862  
 Coryphospingus   4 sp    Tropical South America   1863   Haplospiza   2 
sp    Mexico and Brazil   1864 1891   Phonipara   8 sp    Mexico to 
Columbia  the greater Antilles   1865   Poospiza   285  13 sp    California 
and South Central States to Bolivia and La Plata   424   Spodiornis   1 
sp    Andes of Quito   1866 1867   Pyrrhula   9 sp    the whole Pal  arctic 
region to the Azores and High Himalayas   1868   Crithagra   17 sp    
Tropical and South Africa  Mauritius  Syria   1869   Ligurnus   2 sp    
West Africa   1870 1871   Carpodacus   18 sp    Nearctic and Pal  arctic 
regions to Mexico and Central India   1872 1874   Erythrospiza   6 sp    
Southern parts of Pal  arctic region   1875   Uragus   2 sp    Siberia and 
Japan   1876   Cardinalis   2 sp    South and Central States to Venezuela  
 1877   Pyrrhuloxia   1 sp    Texas and Rio Grande   1878 1879   Guiraca  
 6 sp    Southern United States to La Plata   1880   Amaurospiza   2 sp    
Costa Rica and Brazil   1881   Hedymeles   2 sp    all United States to 
Columbia   1882   Pheucticus   5 sp    Mexico to Peru and Bolivia   1883  
 Oryzoborus   6 sp    Mexico to Ecuador and South Brazil   1884  
 Melopyrrha   1 sp    Cuba   1885   Loxigilla   4 sp    Antilles   1886 
1887   Spermophila   44 sp    Texas to Bolivia and Uruguay   1888  
 Catamenia   4 sp    Columbia to Bolivia   1889   Neorhynchus   3 sp    
West Peru   1892   Catamblyrhyncus   1 sp    Columbia   1893   Loxia   7 
sp    Europe to North west India and Japan  Arctic America to Pennsylvania  
Mexico   1894   Pinicola   3 sp    Arctic America  North east Europe to the 
Amoor  Camaroons Mountains West Africa   1895   Propyrrhula   1 sp    
Darjeeling in the winter   Thibet   1896   Pyrrhospiza   1 sp    Snowy 
Himalayas   1897   H  matospiza   1 sp    South east Himalayas  5 000 10 000 
feet   1898 1899   Linota   12 sp    Europe to Central Asia  north and east 
of North America   1900   Leucosticte   7 sp    Siberia and Thibet to 
Kamschatka  and from Alaska to Utah  
 
Sub family Emberizin      1995   Calamospiza   1 sp    Arizona and Texas to 
Mexico   1906   Chondestes   2 sp    Western  Central  and Southern States 
to Mexico and Nicaragua   1907 1910   Euspiza   9 sp    Pal  arctic region  
India  Burmah  and South China  South east United States to Columbia  
 1911 1920   Emberiza   28 sp    the whole Pal  arctic region  continental   
to Central India in winter   1921   Gubernatrix   1 sp    Paraguay and La 
Plata   according to Messrs  Sclater and Salvin this comes next to 
 Pipilo     1922   Fringillaria   8 sp    Africa and South Europe  
 286  1923 1925   Plectrophanes   6 sp    Arctic Zone to Northern Europe 
and North China  Arctic America  and east side of Rocky Mountains   1926  
 Centronyx   1 sp    Mouth of Yellowstone River  
 
 
FAMILY 34   PLOCEID     29 Genera  252 species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                      1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3    
                                                               
 
The Ploceid    or Weaver finches  are especially characteristic of the 
Ethiopian region  where most of the genera and nearly four fifths of the 
species are found  the remainder being pretty equally divided between the 
Oriental and Australian regions  Like the true finches these have never 
been properly studied  and it is exceedingly difficult to ascertain what 
genera are natural and how far those of Australia and Africa are distinct  
The following enumeration must therefore be taken as altogether tentative 
and provisional  When the genera adopted differ from those of the  Hand 
List  they will be referred to by numbers  
 
 Textor   5 sp    Tropical and South Africa   1650 1654 1657  
 Hyphantornis   32 sp    Tropical and South Africa   1655 1656  
 Symplectes   8 sp    Tropical and South Africa   Malimbus   9 sp    West 
Africa   1659 1661   Ploceus   6 sp    West and East Africa  the Oriental 
region  excluding Philippines    1660   Nelicurvius   1 sp    Madagascar  
 Foudia   12 sp    Madagascar and Mascarene Islands  Tropical Africa   1663 
1664   Sporopipes   2 sp    Tropical and South Africa   1665 1667  
 Pyromelana   14 sp    Tropical and South Africa  Abyssinia to 10 500 feet  
 Philet  rus   1 sp    South Africa   Nigrita   7 sp    West Africa to Upper 
Nile   Plocepasser   4 sp    East and South Africa   1672 1674   Vidua   7 
sp    Tropical and South Africa  Plate V   Vol  I   p  264    1675 1677  
 Coliuspasser   9 sp    Tropical and South Africa   Chera   1 sp    South 
Africa   Spermospiza   2 sp    West Africa   Pyrenestes   6 sp    Tropical 
and South Africa   1682 1687 1689 1692 1693 1698   Estrilda   26 sp    
Tropical and South Africa  India  Burmah  and Java to Australia   1688 1690 
1691 1695 1696   287  Pytelia   24 sp    Tropical and South Africa   1694  
 Hypargos   2 sp    Mozambique and Madagascar   1697   Emblema   1 sp    
North west Australia  1699 1712 1717   Amadina   15 sp    Tropical and 
South Africa  Moluccas to Australia and the Samoa Islands   1700 1701 1710  
 Spermestes   8 sp    Tropical Africa and Madagascar   1702   Amauresthes  
 1 sp    East and West Africa   1703 1707 1709 1711   Munia   30 sp    
Oriental region to Timor and New Guinea   1704   Donacola   3 sp    
Australia   1705 1706   Poephila   6 sp    Australia   1718 1721  
 Erythrura   7 sp    Sumatra to Java  Moluccas  Timor  New Guinea  and Fiji 
Islands   1722   Hypochera   3 sp    Tropical and South Africa  
 
 
FAMILY 35   STURNID     29 Genera  124 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                          1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4   1    3  4 
                                                               
 
The Sturnid   or Starlings  are a highly characteristic Old World group  
extending to every part of the great Eastern continent and its islands  and 
over the Pacific Ocean to the Samoa Islands and New Zealand  yet wholly 
absent from the mainland of Australia  The family appears to be tolerably 
well defined  and the following genera are generally considered to belong 
to it   1558 1559 1562   Eulabes   13 sp    the Oriental region to 
South west China  Hainan  and Java   and Flores  New Guinea and the Solomon 
Islands in the Australian region   Ampeliceps   1 sp     Tenasserim   
Burmah  and Cochin China   Gymnops   1 sp    Philippine Islands  
 Basilornis   2 sp    Celebes and Ceram   Pastor   1 sp    South east 
Europe to India  Ceylon  and Burmah   Acridotheres   7 sp    the whole 
Oriental region and Celebes   1568 1569   Sturnia   12 sp    the whole 
Oriental region  North China  Japan  and Siberia  Celebes   Dilophus   1 
sp    South Africa   Sturnus   6 sp    Pal  arctic region  to India and 
South China in winter   Sturnopastor   4 sp    India to Burmah and East 
Java   Creadion   2 sp    New Zealand   Heterolocha   1 sp    New Zealand  
 1520   Call  as   288  2 sp    New Zealand   Buphaga   2 sp    Tropical and 
South Africa   Euryceros   1 sp    Madagascar  see Plate VI   Vol  I   p  
278   This genus and the last should perhaps form distinct families   1577  
 Juida   5 sp    Central  West  and South Africa   1578   Lamprocolius   20 
sp    Tropical and South Africa   Cinnyricinclus   2 sp    Tropical and 
South Africa   Onychognathus   2 sp    West Africa   1581   Spreo   4 sp    
Tropical and South Africa   1582 1585   Amydrus   7 sp    South and East 
Africa  Palestine   Aplonis   9 sp    New Caledonia to the Tonga Islands  
 1587 1589   Calornis   18 sp    the whole Malay Archipelago and eastward 
to the Ladrone and Samoa Islands   1590   Enodes   1 sp    Celebes  
 Scissirostrum   1 sp    Celebes   1592   Saroglossa   1 sp    Himalayas  
 1593   Hartlaubius   1 sp   Madagascar   Fregilupus   1 sp    Bourbon  but 
it has recently become extinct   363   Falculia   1 sp    Madagascar  
 
 
FAMILY 36   ARTAMID     1 Genus  17 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                           
                                                                            
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN    ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                            
                                                                
                                                   1  2  3  4  1  2  3    
                                                                
 
The Artamid    or Swallow shrikes  are a curious group of birds  ranging 
over the greater part of the Oriental and Australian regions as far east as 
the Fiji Islands and south to Tasmania  Only a single species inhabits 
India  and they are more plentiful in Australia than in any other locality  
The only well marked genus is  Artamus   
 
There are a few Madagascar birds belonging to the genus  Artamia   which 
some ornithologists place in this family  others with the Laniid    but 
which are here classed with the Oriolid    
 
 
 289 FAMILY 37   ALAUDID     15 Genera  110 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3        2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2       
                                                               
 
The Alaudid    or Larks  may be considered as exclusively belonging to the 
great Eastern continent  since the Nearctic  Neotropical  and Australian 
regions have each only a single species  They abound most in the open 
plains and deserts of Africa and Asia  and are especially numerous in South 
Africa  The genera  including those recently established by Mr  Sharpe  are 
as follows    
 
 Otocorys   8 sp    the Pal  arctic region  North America and south to the 
Andes of Columbia  North India   1928 1929   Alauda   17 sp    Pal  arctic 
region  all Africa  the Peninsula of India  and Ceylon   1931   Galerita  
 10 sp    Central Europe to Senegal and Abyssinia  Persia  India and North 
China   1932   Calendula   2 sp    Abyssinia and South Africa   1933 1934  
 Calandrella   6 sp    Europe  North Africa  India  Burmah  North China  
and Mongolia   1935 1937   Melanocorypha   7 sp    South Europe to Tartary  
Abyssinia  and North west India   Pallasia   sp  7781   East Asia   1938  
 Certhilauda   4 sp    South Europe  South Africa   Heterocorys   sp  7792  
South Africa   1939   Al  mon   3 sp    South east Europe to Western India  
and South Africa   1940   Mirafra   25 sp    the Oriental and Ethiopian 
regions to Australia   1941   Ammomanes   10 sp    South Europe to 
Palestine and Central India  and to Cape Verd Islands and South Africa  
 1942 1943   Megalophonus   6 sp    Tropical and South Africa  
 Tephrocorys   1 sp    South Africa   Pyrrhulauda   9 sp    all Africa  
Canary Islands  India and Ceylon  
 
 
 290 FAMILY 38   MOTACILLID     9 Genera  80 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2     4 
                                                               
 
The Motacillid    or Wagtails and Pipits  are universally distributed  but 
are most abundant in the Pal  arctic  Ethiopian  and Oriental regions  to 
which the true wagtails are almost confined  The following genera are 
usually adopted  but some of them are not very well defined    
 
 Motacilla   15 sp    ranges over the greater part of Europe  Asia  and 
Africa  and to Alaska in North west America   Budytes   10 sp    Europe  
Africa  Asia to Philippines  Moluccas  Timor  and North Australia  
 Calobates   3 sp    South Pal  arctic and Oriental regions to Java  
 Nemoricola   1 sp    Oriental region   Anthus   30 sp    all the great 
continents   Neocorys   1 sp    Central North America   Corydalla   14 
sp    South Europe to India  China  the Malay Islands  Australia  New 
Zealand and the Auckland Islands   Macronyx   5 sp    Tropical and South 
Africa   Heterura   1 sp    Himalayas  
 
 
FAMILY 39   TYRANNID     71 Genera  329 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4                                                  
                                                               
 
The Tyrannid    or Tyrant Shrikes  form one of the most extensive and truly 
characteristic American families of birds  as they extend over the whole 
continent from Patagonia to the Arctic regions  and are found also in all 
the chief American islands  the Antilles  the Galapagos  the Falkland 
Islands  and  291 Juan Fernandez  As the genera are all enumerated in the 
table  at p  101 of this volume  I shall here confine myself to the 
distribution of the sub families  only referring to such genera as are of 
special geographical interest  
 
Sub family I  CONOPHAGIN    2 genera  13 species   Confined to tropical 
South America  from Brazil and Bolivia to Guiana and Columbia  
 
Sub family II  T  NIOPTERIN    19 genera  76 species   This group ranges from 
Patagonia and the Falkland Islands to the northern United States  yet it is 
almost wholly South American  only 2 genera and 4 species passing north of 
Panama  and none inhabiting the West Indian islands   Empidias  has 3 
species in North America  while  T  nioptera    Cnipolegus   
 Muscisaxicola   and  Centrites   range south to Patagonia  
 
Sub family III  PLATYRHYNICHIN    16 genera  60 species   This sub family is 
wholly Neotropical and mostly South American  only 7 of the genera passing 
Panama and but 3 reaching Mexico  while there are none in the West Indian 
islands  Only 3 genera extend south to the temperate sub region  and one of 
these   An  retes   has a species in Juan Fernandez  
 
Sub family IV  ELAINEIN    17 genera  91 species   This sub family is more 
exclusively tropical  only two genera extending south as far as Chili and 
La Plata  while none enter the Nearctic region  No less than 10 of the 
genera pass north of Panama  and one of these   Elainea   which ranges from 
Chili to Costa Rica has several species in the West Indian islands  About 
one fourth of the species of this sub family are found north of Panama  
 
Sub family V  TYRANNIN    17 genera  89 species   This sub family is that 
which is best represented in the Nearctic region  where 6 genera and 24 
species occur   Milvulus  reaches Texas   Tyrannus  and  Myiarchus  range 
over all the United States   Sayornis   the Eastern States and California  
 Contopus  extends to Canada   Empidonax  ranges all over North America  
and  Pyrocephalus  reaches the Gila Valley as well as the Galapagos 
Islands  No less than 5 genera of this sub family occur in the West Indian 
islands  
 
 
 292 FAMILY 39 a    OXYRHAMPHID     1 Genus  2 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3                                                                 
                                                               
 
The genus  Oxyrhamphus   2 sp   which ranges from Brazil to Costa Rica  has 
usually been placed in the Dendrocolaptid    but Messrs Sclater and Salvin 
consider it to be the type of a distinct family group  most allied to the 
Tyrannid    
 
 
FAMILY 40   PIPRID     15 Genera  60 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3                                                                 
                                                               
 
The Piprid    or Manakins  have generally been associated with the next 
family  and they have a very similar distribution  The great majority of 
the genera and species are found in the equatorial regions of South 
America  only 9 species belonging to 5 genera ranging north of Panama  
while 2 or 3 species extend to the southern limit of the tropical forests 
in Paraguay and Brazil  The genera which go north of Panama are  Piprites   
 Pipra    Chiroxiphia    Chiromach  ris   and  Hetoropelma    Pipra  is the 
largest genus  containing 19 species  and having representatives throughout 
the whole range of the family  As in all the more extensive families 
peculiar to the Neotropical region  the distribution of the genera will be 
found in the tables appended to the chapter on the Neotropical region in 
the Third Part of this work   Vol  II  p  103   
 
 
 293 FAMILY 41   COTINGID     28 Genera  93 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3  4                                                              
                                                               
 
The Cotingid    or Chatterers  comprise some of the most beautiful and some 
of the most remarkable of American birds  for such we must consider the 
azure and purple Cotingas  the wine coloured white winged Pompadour  the 
snowy carunculated Bell birds  the orange coloured Cocks of the Rock  and 
the marvellously plumed Umbrella birds   Plate XV  Vol  II  p  28   The 
Cotingid   are also one of the most pre eminently Neotropical of all the 
Neotropical families  the great mass of the genera and species being 
concentrated in and around the vast equatorial forest region of the Amazon  
Only 13 species extend north of Panama  one to the Antilles  and not more 
than 20 are found to the south of the Amazon Valley  Messrs  Sclater and 
Salvin divide the family into six sub families  the distribution of which 
will be briefly indicated  
 
Sub family I  TITYRIN    3 genera  22 species   Ranges from Brazil to 
Mexico  one species of  Hadrostomus  inhabiting Jamaica  
 
Sub family II  LIPAUGIN    4 genera  14 species  also ranges from Brazil to 
Mexico  one genus   Ptilochloris   is confined to Brazil  
 
Sub family III  ATTALIN    2 genera  10 species   Ranges from Paraguay to 
Costa Rica  one genus   Casiornis   is confined to South Brazil and 
Paraguay  
 
Sub family IV  RUPICOLIN    2 genera  5 species   This sub family is 
restricted to the Amazonian region and Guiana  with one species extending 
along the Andean valleys to Bolivia  The genera are  Rupicola   3 species  
and  Ph  nicocercus   2 species   
 
Sub family V  COTINGIN    10 genera  28 species   Ranges from Southern 
Brazil and Bolivia to Nicaragua  only two species  294  belonging to the 
genera  Carpodectes  and  Cotinga   are found north of Panama  and there 
are none in the West Indian islands  The great majority of these  the true 
Chatterers  are from the regions about the Equator  
 
Sub family VI  GYMNODERIN    7 genera  14 species   Ranges from Brazil to 
Costa Rica  two species  of the genera  Chasmorhynchus  and 
 Cephalopterus   are found north of Panama  while there are none in the 
West Indian islands  Only 2 species are found south of the Amazon valley  
 
 
FAMILY 42   PHYTOTOMID     1 Genus  3 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1                                                                       
                                                               
 
The Phytotomid    or Plant cutters  are singular thick billed birds  
strictly confined to the temperate regions of South America  The single 
genus   Phytotoma   is found in Chili  La Plata  and Bolivia  Their 
affinities are uncertain  but they are believed to be allied to the series 
of families with which they are here associated   Plate XVI  Vol  II  p  
128   
 
 
FAMILY 43   EURYL  MID     6 Genera  9 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                        3  4              
                                                               
 
The Euryl  mid    or Broad bills  form a very small family of birds  often 
adorned with striking colours  and which have their nearest allies in the 
South American Cotingid    They have a very limited distribution  from the 
lower slopes of the Himalayas through Burmah and Siam  to Sumatra  Borneo  
and Java  They are evidently the remains of a once extensive group  and 
from the small number of specific forms remaining  seem to be on  295 the 
road to extinction  Thus we may understand their isolated geographical 
position  The following are the names and distribution of the genera    
 
 Euryl  mus   2 species   Malay Peninsula  Sumatra  Java  and Borneo  
 Corydon   1 species   Malacca  Sumatra and Borneo  Plate IX  Vol  I  p  
339    Psarisomus   1 species   Himalayas to Burmah  up to 6 000 feet  
 Serilophus   2 species   Nepal to Tenasserim   Cymbirhynchus   2 species   
Siam to Sumatra and Borneo   Calyptomena   1 species   Penang to Sumatra 
and Borneo  
 
 
FAMILY 44   DENDROCOLAPTID     43 Genera  217 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3                                                                 
                                                               
 
The Dendrocolaptid    or American Creepers  are curious brown coloured birds 
with more or less rigid tail feathers  strictly confined to the continental 
Neotropical region  and very numerous in its south temperate extremity  
They are divided by Messrs  Sclater and Salvin into five sub families  to 
which I shall confine my remarks on their distribution  The details of the 
numerous genera  being only interesting to specialists  will be given in 
the table of genera of the Neotropical region  No less than 13 of the 
genera are confined to South Temperate America and the High Andes  14 are 
restricted to Tropical South America  while not one is peculiar to Tropical 
North America  and only 15 of the 43 genera extend into that sub region  
showing that this is one of the pre eminently South American groups  
 
Sub family I  FURNARIIN    8 genera  30 species   Ranges over all South 
America  4 genera and 18 species being restricted to the temperate 
sub region  one species is found in the Falkland Islands  
 
Sub family II  SCLERURIN    1 genus  6 species   Brazil to Guiana  Columbia  
and north to Mexico  
 
Sub family III  SYNALLAXIN    12 genera  78 species   Ranges from Patagonia 
to Mexico  7 genera and 28 species are confined  296 to the temperate 
sub region  species occur in the islands of Mas a fuera  Trinidad  and 
Tobago  
 
Sub family IV  PHILYDORIN    6 genera  35 species   Confined to Tropical 
America from Brazil to Mexico  4 genera and 8 species occur in Tropical 
North America  
 
Sub family V  DENDROCOLAPTIN    14 genera  59 species   Ranges from Chili 
and La Plata to Mexico  only 3 species occur in the South Temperate 
sub region  while 9 of the genera extend into Tropical North America  Two 
of the continental species occur in the island of Tobago  which  together 
with Trinidad  forms part of the South American rather than of the true 
Antillean sub region  
 
FAMILY 45   FORMICARIID     32 Genera  211 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3                                                                 
                                                               
 
The Formicariid    comprising the Bush Shrikes and Ant thrushes  form one of 
the most exclusively Neotropical families  and the numerous species are 
rigidly confined to the warm and wooded districts  only a single species 
extending to La Plata  and none to the Antilles or to the Nearctic region  
Less than 30 species are found north of Panama  Messrs  Sclater and Salvin 
divide the group into three sub families  whose distribution may be 
conveniently treated  as in the Dendrocolaptid    without enumerating the 
genera  
 
Sub family I  THAMNOPHILIN      10 genera  70 species   One species of 
 Thamnophilus  inhabits La Plata  only 3 genera and 12 species are found 
north of Panama  the species of this sub family being especially abundant 
in the Equatorial forest districts  
 
Sub family II  FORMICIVORIN      14 genera  95 species   Only 8 species 
occur north of Panama  and less than one third of the species belong to the 
districts south of the Equator  
 
 297 Sub family III  FORMICARIIN      8 genera  46 species   About 12 
species occur north of Panama  and only 5 south of the Equatorial district  
 
It appears  therefore  that this extensive family is especially 
characteristic of that part of South America from the Amazon valley 
northwards  
 
 
FAMILY 46   PTEROPTOCHID     8 Genera  19 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2                                                                    
                                                               
 
The Pteroptochid   are a group of curious Wren like birds  almost confined 
to the temperate regions of South America  extending along the Andes beyond 
the Equator  and with a few species in South east Brazil  and one in the 
valley of the Madeira  The genera are as follows    
 
 Scytalopus   8 sp    Chili and West Patagonia to the Andes of Columbia  
 Merulaxis   1 sp    South east Brazil   Rhinocrypta   2 sp    Northern 
Patagonia and La Plata   Lioscelis   1 sp    Madeira valley   Pteroptochus  
 2 sp    Chili   Hylactes   3 sp    Western Patagonia and Chili  
 Acropternis   1 sp    Andes of Ecuador and Columbia   Triptorhinus   1 
sp    Chili  
 
 
FAMILY 47   PITTID     4 Genera  40 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                   4     2        1  2  3  4  1  2       
                                                               
 
The Pittas comprise a number of beautifully coloured Thrush like birds  
which  although confined to the Old World  are more nearly allied to the 
South American Pteroptochid   than to any other family  They are most 
abundant in the Malay Archipelago   298 between the Oriental and Australian 
divisions of which they are pretty equally divided  They seem  however  to 
attain their maximum of beauty and variety in the large islands of Borneo 
and Sumatra  from whence they diminish in numbers in every direction till 
we find single species only in North China  West Africa  and Australia  The 
genera here adopted are the following    
 
 1087 1088 1090 1092 1093   Pitta   33 sp    has the range of the family  
 1089   Hydrornis   3 sp    Himalayas and Malaya   Eucichla   3 sp    
Malaya   Melampitta   1 sp    recently discovered in New Guinea  
 
 
FAMILY 48   PAICTID     1 Genus  2 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                               4                          
                                                               
 
This family was established by Professor Sundevall  for an anomalous bird 
of Madagascar  which he believes to have some affinity for the American 
Formicariid    but which perhaps comes best near the Pittas  The only genus 
is  Philepitta   containing two species  
 
 
FAMILY 49   MENURID     1 Genus  2 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                                 2       
                                                               
 
The Menurid    or Lyre Birds  remarkable for the extreme elegance of the 
lyre shaped tail in the species first discovered  are birds of a very 
anomalous structure  and have no near affinity to any other family  Two 
species of  Menura  are known  confined to South and East Australia  Plate 
XII  Vol  I  p  441   
 
 
 299 FAMILY 50   ATRICHIID     1 Genus  2 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                                 2       
                                                               
 
The genus  Atrichia   or Scrub birds of Australia  have been formed into a 
separate family by Professor Newton  on account of peculiarities in the 
skeleton which separate them from all other Passeres  Only two species are 
known  inhabiting East and West Australia respectively  They are very 
noisy  brown coloured birds  and have been usually classed with the 
warblers  near  Amytis  and other Australian species  
 
 
 General remarks on the distribution of the Passeres   
 
The order Passeres  is the most extensive among birds  comprehending about 
5 700 species grouped in 870 genera  and 51 families  The distribution of 
the genera  and of the families considered individually  has been already 
sufficiently given  and we now have to consider the peculiarities of 
distribution of the families collectively  and in their relations to each 
other  as representing well marked types of bird structure  The first thing 
to be noted is  how very few of these families are truly cosmopolitan  for 
although there are seven which are found in each of the great regions  yet 
few of these are widely distributed throughout all the regions  and we can 
only find three that inhabit every sub region  and are distributed with 
tolerable uniformity  these are the Hirundinid    or swallows  the 
Motacillid   or wagtails and pipits  and the Corvid   or crows   but the 
latter is a family of so heterogeneous a nature  that it possibly contains 
the materials of several natural families  and if so divided  the parts 
would probably all cease to be cosmopolitan  The Sylviid    the 
 300 Turdid    and the Parid    are the only other families that approach 
universality of distribution  and all these are wanting in one or more 
sub regions  If  now  we divide the globe into the New and the Old World  
the former including the whole American continent  the latter all the rest 
of the earth  we find that the Old World possesses exclusively 23 families  
the New World exclusively 14  of which 5 are common to North and South 
America  But if we take the division proposed by Professor Huxley  a 
northern world  comprising our first four regions  from Nearctic to 
Oriental   and a southern world comprising our last two regions  the 
Australian and Neotropical   we find that the northern division possesses 
only 5 families exclusively  and the southern division 13 exclusively  of 
which not one is common to Australia and South America  This plainly 
indicates that  as far as the Passeres are concerned  the latter bipartite 
division is not so natural as the former  Again  if we compare temperate 
with tropical families  not too rigidly  but as regards their general 
character   we find in the northern hemisphere only two families that have 
the character of being typically temperate  the Cinclid    and in a less 
degree the Ampelid    both of small extent  In the southern hemisphere we 
have also two  the Phytotomid    and in a less degree  the Pteroptochid    
making two wholly and two mainly temperate families  Of exclusively 
tropical families on the other hand  we have about 12  and several others 
that are mainly tropical  
 
The several regions do not differ greatly in the number of families found 
in each  The Nearctic has 19  the Pal  arctic 21  the Ethiopian 23  the 
Oriental 28  the Australian 29  and the Neotropical 23  But many of these 
families are only represented by a few species  or in limited districts  
and if we count only those families which are tolerably well represented  
and help to form the ornithological character of the region  the richness 
of the several tropical regions will appear to be  as it really is  
comparatively much greater  The families that are confined to single 
regions are not very numerous  except in the case of the Neotropical 
region  which has 5  The Australian has only  301 3  the Oriental 1  the 
Ethiopian 1  and the other regions have no peculiar families  
 
The distribution of the Passeres may be advantageously considered as 
divided into the five series of Turdoid  Tanagroid  Sturnoid  Formicarioid  
and Anomalous Passeres  The Turdoid Passeres  consisting of the first 23 
families  are especially characteristic of the Old World  none being found 
exclusively in America  and only two or three being at all abundant there  
The Tanagroid Passeres  Families 24 33  are very characteristic of the New 
World  five being confined to it  and three others being quite as abundant 
there as in the Old World  while there is not a single exclusively Old 
World family in the series  except the Drepanidid   confined to the Sandwich 
Islands  The Sturnoid Passeres  Families 34 38  are all exclusively Old 
World  except that two larks inhabit parts of North America  and a few 
pipits South America  The Formicarioid Passeres  Families 39 48  are 
strikingly characteristic of the New World  to which seven of the families 
exclusively belong  the two Old World groups being small  and with a very 
restricted distribution  The Anomalous Passeres  Families 49 50  are 
confined to Australia  
 
The most remarkable feature in the geographical distribution of the 
Passeres is the richness of the American continent  and the large 
development of characteristic types that occurs there  The fact that 
America possesses 14 altogether peculiar families  while no less than 23 
Old World families are entirely absent from it  plainly indicates  that  if 
this division does not represent the most ancient and radical separation of 
the land surface of the globe  it must still be one of very great 
antiquity  and have modified in a very marked way the distribution of all 
living things  Not less remarkable is the richness in specific forms of the 
13 peculiar American families  These contain no less than 1 570 species  
leaving only about 500 American species in the 13 other Passerine families 
represented in the New World  If we make a deduction for those Nearctic 
species which occur only north of Panama  we may estimate the truly 
Neotropical species of Passerine birds at 1 900  which is almost exactly 
 302  one third  of the total number of Passeres  a wonderful illustration 
of the Ornithological riches of South America  
 
 
 Order II   PICARI     
 
FAMILY 51   PICID     36 Genera  320 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3     1  2  3  4  1          
                                                               
 
The Woodpeckers are very widely distributed  being only absent from the 
Australian region beyond Celebes and Flores  They are most abundant in the 
Neotropical and Oriental regions  both of which possess a number of 
peculiar genera  while the other regions possess few or no peculiar forms  
even the Ethiopian region having only three genera not found elsewhere  The 
soft tailed Picumnin   inhabit the tropical regions only   Picumnus  being 
Neotropical   Vivia  and  Sasia  Oriental  and  Verreauxia  Ethiopian  
 Picoides   or  Apternus   is an Arctic form peculiar to the Nearctic and 
Pal  arctic regions   Celeus    Chrysoptilus    Chloronerpes   and some 
smaller genera  are Neotropical exclusively  and there are two peculiar 
forms in Cuba   Yungipicus    Chrysocolaptes    Hemicercus   
 Mulleripicus    Brachypternus    Tiga   and  Micropternus   are the most 
important of the peculiar Oriental genera   Dendropicus  and  Geocolaptes  
are Ethiopian  but there are no woodpeckers in Madagascar  The Pal  arctic 
woodpeckers belong to the genera  Picus   which is widely distributed  
 Gecinus   which is an Oriental form  and  Dryocopus   which is South 
American  Except  Picoides   the Nearctic woodpeckers are mostly of 
Neotropical genera  but  Sphyrapicus  and  Hylatomus  are peculiar  The 
geological record is  as yet  almost silent as to this family  but remains 
doubtfully referred to it have been found in the Miocene of Europe and the 
Eocene of the United States  Yet the group is evidently one of very high 
antiquity  as is shown by  303 its extreme isolation  its great 
specialization of structure  its abundant generic forms  and its wide 
distribution  It originated  probably  in Central Asia  and passed through  
the Nearctic region to South America  in whose rich and varied forests it 
found the conditions for rapid development  and for the specialization of 
the many generic forms now found there  
 
A large number of genera have been established by various authors  but 
their limitations and affinities are not very well made out  Those which 
seem best established are the following    
 
 2107 2112   Picumnus   22 sp    Tropical South America to Honduras   2113  
 Vivia   1 sp    Himalayas to East Thibet   2114   Sasia   2 sp    Nepal to 
Java   2115   Verreauxia   1 sp    West Africa   Picoides   5 sp    
northern parts of Nearctic and Pal  arctic regions  and Mountains of East 
Thibet   Picus   42 sp    the whole Pal  arctic  Oriental  Nearctic  and 
Neotropical regions   2123   Hyopicus   2 sp    Himalayas and North China  
 2124   Yungipicus   16 sp    Oriental region  and to Flores  Celebes  
North China  and Japan   2127 2129   Sphyrapicus   7 sp    Nearctic region  
Mexico  and Bolivia   2130 2133 2139   Campephilus   14 sp    Neotropical 
and Nearctic regions   Hylatomus   1 sp    Nearctic region   2137 2140  
 Dryocopus   5 sp    Mexico to South Brazil  Central and Northern Europe  
 2134   Reinwardtipicus   1 sp    Penang to Borneo   2135 2136   Venilia  
 2 sp    Nepal to Borneo   Chrysocolaptes   8 sp    India and Indo Malaya  
 Dendropicus   16 sp    Tropical and South Africa   Hemicercus   5 sp    
Malabar and Pegu to Malaya   Gecinus   18 sp    Pal  arctic and Oriental 
regions to Java   2151 2156   Dendromus   15 sp    West and South Africa  
Zanzibar  and Abyssinia   2157 2159   Mulleripicus   6 sp    Malabar  Pegu  
Indo Malaya  and Celebes   Celeus   17 sp    Paraguay to Mexico  
 Nesoceleus   sp  8833  Cuba   2162   Chrysoptilus   9 sp    Chili and 
South Brazil to Mexico   Brachypternus   5 sp    India  Ceylon  and China  
 2165 2166   Tiga   5 sp    all India to Malaya   2167   Gecinulus   2 
sp    South east Himalayas to Burmah   Centurus   13 sp    Nearctic Region 
to Antilles and Venezuela   Chloronerpes   35 sp    Tropical America  
Hayti   2171   Xiphidiopicus   1 sp    Cuba   Melanerpes   11 sp    Brazil 
to  304 Canada  Porto Rico   Leuconerpes   1 sp    Bolivia to North Brazil  
 Colaptes   9 sp    La Plata and Bolivia to Arctic America  Greater 
Antilles   Hypoxanthus   1 sp    Venezuela and Ecuador   2187  
 Geocolaptes   1 sp    South Africa   Miglyptes   3 sp    Malaya  
 Micropternus   8 sp    India and Ceylon to South China  Sumatra and 
Borneo  
 
 
FAMILY 52   YUNGID     1 Genus  5 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                          1  2  3  4   1    3     1                       
                                                               
 
The Wrynecks   Yunx    which constitute this family  are small 
tree creeping birds characteristic of the Pal  arctic region  but extending 
into North and East Africa  over the greater part of the peninsula of India 
 but not to Ceylon   and just reaching the lower ranges of the Himalayas  
There is also one species isolated in South Africa  
 
 
FAMILY 53   INDICATORID     1 Genus  12 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                      1  2  3           3  4              
                                                               
 
The Honey guides   Indicator   constitute a small family of doubtful 
affinities  perhaps most nearly allied to the woodpeckers and barbets  They 
catch bees and sometimes kill small birds  and some of the species are 
parasitical like the cuckoo  Their distribution is very interesting  as 
they are found in every part of the Ethiopian region  except Madagascar  
and in the Oriental region only in Sikhim and Borneo  being absent from the 
peninsula of India which is nearest  both geographically and zoologically  
to Africa  
 
 
 305 FAMILY 54   MEGAL  MID     13 Genera  81 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3                             1  2  3     1  2  3  4              
                                                               
 
The Megal  mid    or Barbets  consist of rather small  fruit eating birds  of 
heavy ungraceful shape  but adorned with the most gaudy colours  especially 
about the head and neck  They form a very isolated family  their nearest 
allies being  perhaps  the still more isolated Toucans of South America  
Barbets are found in all the tropics except Australia  but are especially 
characteristic of the great Equatorial forest zone  all the most remarkable 
forms being confined to Equatorial America  West Africa  and the Indo Malay 
Islands  They are most abundant in the Ethiopian and Oriental regions  and 
in the latter are universally distributed  
 
In the beautiful monograph of this family by the Messrs  Marshall  the 
barbets are divided into three sub families  as follows    
 
Pogonorhynchin    3 genera  15 sp    which are Ethiopian except the 2 
species of  Tetragonops   which are Neotropical  Megal  min    6 genera  45 
sp    which are Oriental and Ethiopian  and Capitonin    4 genera  18 sp    
common to the three regions  
 
The genera are each confined to a single region  Africa possesses the 
largest number of peculiar forms  while the Oriental region is richest in 
species  
 
This is probably a very ancient group  and its existing distribution may be 
due to its former range over the Miocene South Pal  arctic land  which we 
know possessed Trogons  Parrots  Apes  and Tapirs  groups which are now 
equally abundant in Equatorial countries  
 
 306 The following is a tabular view of the genera with their 
distribution    
 
                                                                            
        Genera             Ethiopian          Oriental        Neotropical 
                            Region             Region           Region  
                                                                            
                                                            
  POGONORHYNCHIN                                             
  Trichol  ma     1 sp  W  Africa                            
  Pogonorhynchus 12    All Trop    S  Af                    
  Tetragonops     2                                        Peru   Costa 
                                                             Rica 
                                                            
  MEGAL  MIN                                                  
  Megal  ma       29                       The whole region  
  Xanthol  ma      4                       The whole region  
  Xylobucco       2    W  Africa                            
  Barbatula       9    Trop    S  Africa                    
  Psilopogon      1                                        Sumatra 
  Gymnobucco      2    W  Africa                            
                                                            
  CAPITONIN                                                  
  Trachyphonus    5    Trop    S  Africa                    
  Capito         10                                        Equatorial Amer  
                                                             to Costa Rica 
  Calorhamphus    2                       Malay Pen         
                                           Sumatra  Borneo  
  Stactol  ma      1    W  Africa                            
                                                            
                                                                            
 
 
FAMILY 55   RHAMPHASTID     5 Genera  51 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3                                                                 
                                                               
 
The Toucans form one of the most remarkable and characteristic families of 
the Neotropical region  to which they are strictly confined  They differ 
from all other birds by their long feathered tongues  their huge yet 
elegant bills  and the peculiar texture and coloration of their plumage  
Being fruit eaters  and strictly adapted for an arboreal life  they are not 
found beyond the forest regions  but they nevertheless range from Mexico to 
Paraguay  and from the Atlantic to the Pacific  One genus   307  Andigena   
is confined to the forest slopes of the South American Andes  The genera 
are    
 
 Rhamphastos   12 sp    Mexico to South Brazil   Pteroglossus   16 sp    
Nicaragua to South Brazil  Plate XV  Vol  II  p  28    Selenidera   7 sp    
Veragua to Brazil  east of the Andes   Andigena   6 sp    the Andes  from 
Columbia to Bolivia  and West Brazil   Aulacorhamphus   10 sp    Mexico to 
Peru and Bolivia  
 
 
FAMILY 56   MUSOPHAGID     2 Genera  18 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                      1  2  3                             
                                                               
 
The Musophagid    or Plantain eaters and Turacos  are handsome birds  
somewhat intermediate between Toucans and Cuckoos  They are confined to the 
Ethiopian region and are most abundant in West Africa  The Plantain eaters 
  Musophaga   2 sp    are confined to West Africa  the Turacos   Turacus   
16 sp   including the sub genera  Corythaix  and  Schizorhis   range over 
all Africa from Abyssinia to the Cape  Plate V  Vol  I  p  264   
 
 
FAMILY 57   COLIID     1 Genus  7 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                      1  2  3                             
                                                               
 
The Colies  consisting of the single genus  Colius   are an anomalous group 
of small finch like birds  occuping a position between the Picari   and 
Passeres  but of very doubtful affinities  Their range is nearly identical 
with that of the Musophagid    but they are most abundant in South and East 
Africa  
 
 
 308 FAMILY 58   CUCULID     35 Genera  180 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3     1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
The Cuculid    of which our well known Cuckoo is one of the most widely 
distributed types  are essentially a tropical group of weak insectivorous 
birds  abounding in varied forms in all the warmer parts of the globe  but 
very scarce or only appearing as migrants in the temperate and colder 
zones  Many of the smaller Eastern species are adorned with the most 
intense golden or violet metallic lustre  while some of the larger forms 
have gaily coloured bills or bare patches of bright red on the cheeks  Many 
of the cuckoos of the Eastern Hemisphere are parasitic  laying their eggs 
in other birds  nests  and they are also remarkable for the manner in which 
they resemble other birds  as hawks  pheasants  or drongo shrikes  The 
distribution of the Cuckoo family is rather remarkable  They abound most in 
the Oriental region  which produces no less than 18 genera  of which 11 are 
peculiar  the Australian has 8  most of which are also Oriental  but 3 are 
peculiar  one of these being confined to Celebes and closely allied to an 
Oriental group  the Ethiopian region has only 7 genera  all of which are 
Oriental but three  2 of these being peculiar to Madagascar  and the other 
common to Madagascar and Africa  America has 11 genera  all quite distinct 
from those of the Eastern Hemisphere  and only three enter the Nearctic 
region  one species extending to Canada  
 
Remembering our conclusions as to the early history of the several regions  
these facts enable us to indicate  with considerable probability  the 
origin and mode of dispersal of the cuckoos  They were almost certainly 
developed in the Oriental and Pal  arctic regions  but reached the 
Neotropical at a very early date  where they have since been completely 
isolated  Africa must have long remained without cuckoos  the earliest 
immigration  309 being to Madagascar at the time of the approximation of 
that sub region to Ceylon and Malaya  A later infusion of Oriental forms 
took place probably by way of Arabia and Persia  when those countries were 
more fertile and perhaps more extensive  Australia has also received its 
cuckoos at a somewhat late date  a few having reached the Austro Malay 
Islands somewhat earlier  
 
The classification of the family is somewhat unsettled  For the American 
genera I follow Messrs  Sclater and Salvin  and  for those of the Old 
World  Mr  Sharpe s suggestive paper in the  Proceedings of the Zoological 
Society   1873  p  600  The following is the distribution of the various 
genera    
 
 2195   Ph  nicopha  s   1 sp    Ceylon   2196   Rhamphococcyx   1 sp    
Celebes   2196   Rhinococcyx   1 sp    Java   2196 pt  and 2203  
 Rhopodytes   6 sp    Himalayas to Ceylon  Hainan  and Malaya   2203 pt  
 Poliococcyx   1 sp    Malacca  Sumatra  and Borneo   2197   Dasylophus   1 
sp    Philippine Islands   2198   Lepidogrammus   1 sp    Philippine 
Islands   2200   Zanclostomus   1 sp    Malaya   2201   Ceuthmochares   2 
sp    Tropical and South Africa and Madagascar   2202   Taccocua   4 sp    
Himalayas to Ceylon and Malacca   2204   Rhinortha   1 sp    Malacca  
Sumatra  Borneo   2199   Carpococcyx   1 sp    Borneo and Sumatra   2220  
 Neomorphus   4 sp    Brazil to Mexico   2205 2206   Coua   10 sp    
Madagascar   2207   Cochlothraustes   1 sp    Madagascar   2221  
 Centropus   35 sp    Tropical and South Africa  the whole Oriental region  
Austro Malaya and Australia   2213   Crotophaga   3 sp    Brazil to 
Antilles and Pennsylvania   2212   Guira   1 sp    Brazil and Paraguay  
 2209   Geococcyx   2 sp    Guatemala to Texas and California   2211  
 Dromococcyx   2 sp    Brazil to Mexico   2210   Diplopterus   1 sp    
Mexico to Ecuador and Brazil   2208   Saurothera   4 sp    Greater 
Antilles   2219   Hyetornis   2 sp    Jamaica and Hayti   2215   Piaya   3 
sp    Mexico to West Ecuador and Brazil   2218   Morococcyx   1 sp    Costa 
Rica to Mexico   2214   Coccygus   10 sp    La Plata to Antilles  Mexico 
and Pennsylvania  Cocos Island   2227   Cuculus   22 sp    Pal  arctic  
Ethiopian  and Oriental regions  to Moluccas and Australia   2229  
 Caliecthrus   1 sp    Papuan Islands   2230 2232   Cacomantis   15 sp    
Oriental and Australian  310 regions to Fiji Islands and Tasmania  
 2233 2237   Chrysococcyx   16 sp    Tropical and South Africa  the 
Oriental and Australian regions to New Zealand and Fiji Islands   2238  
 Surniculus   2 sp    India  Ceylon  and Malaya   2239   Hierococcyx   7 
sp    the Oriental region to Amoorland and Celebes   2240 2241   Coccystes  
 6 sp    Tropical and South Africa  the Oriental region  excluding 
Philippines   2242   Eudynamis   8 sp    the Oriental and Australian 
regions  excluding Sandwich Islands   2243   Scythrops   1 sp    East 
Australia to Moluccas and North Celebes  
 
 
FAMILY 59   LEPTOSOMID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                               4                          
                                                               
 
The  Leptosomus discolor   which constitutes this family  is a bird of very 
abnormal characters  having some affinities both with Cuckoos and Rollers  
It is confined to Madagascar  Plate VI  Vol  I  p  278   
 
 
FAMILY 60   BUCCONID     5 Genera  43 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3                                                                 
                                                               
 
The Bucconid    or Puff birds  are generally of small size and dull colours  
with rather thick bodies and dense plumage  They form one of the 
characteristic Neotropical families  being most abundant in the great 
Equatorial forest plains  but extending as far north as Guatemala  though 
absent from the West Indian Islands  
 
The genera are    Bucco   21 sp    Guatemala to Paraguay  and West of the 
Andes in Ecuador   Malacoptila   10 sp    Guatemala  311 to Bolivia and 
Brazil   Nonnula   3 sp    Amazon and Columbia   Monasa   7 sp    Costa 
Rica to Brazil   Chelidoptera   2 sp    Columbia and Guiana to Brazil  
 
 
FAMILY 61   GALBULID     6 Genera  19 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3                                                                 
                                                               
 
The Galbulid    or Jacamars  are small slender birds  of generally metallic 
plumage  somewhat resembling in form the Bee eaters of the Old World but 
less active  They have the same general distribution as the last family  
but they do not occur west of the Equatorial Andes  The genera are    
 
 Galbula   9 sp    Guatemala to Brazil and Bolivia   Urogalba   2 sp    
Guiana and the lower Amazon   Brachygalba   4 sp    Venezuela to Brazil and 
Bolivia   Jacamaralcyon   1 sp    Brazil   Jacamerops   2 sp    Panama to 
the Amazon   Galbalcyrhynchus   1 sp    Upper Amazon  
 
 
FAMILY 62   CORACIID     3 Genera  19 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                          1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2       
                                                               
 
The Rollers are a family of insectivorous birds allied to the Bee eaters  
and are very characteristic of the Ethiopian and Oriental regions  but one 
species   Coracias garrula   spreads over the Pal  arctic region as far 
north as Sweden and the Altai mountains  while the genus  Eurystomus  
reaches the Amoor valley  Australia  and the Solomon Islands  The 
distribution of the genera is as follows    
 
 Coracias   8 sp    the whole Ethiopian region  the Oriental  312 region 
except Indo Malaya  the Pal  arctic to the above named limits  and the 
island of Celebes on the confines of the Australian region   Eurystomus   8 
sp    West and East Africa and Madagascar  the whole Oriental region except 
the Peninsula of India  and the Australian as far as Australia and the 
Solomon Islands   Brachypteracias   possibly allied to  Leptosomus     4 
sp    Madagascar only  but these abnormal birds form a distinct sub family  
and according to Mr  Sharpe  three genera   Brachypteracias    Atelornis   
and  Geobiastes   
 
A most remarkable feature in the distribution of this family is the 
occurrence of a true roller   Coracias temminckii   in the island of 
Celebes  entirely cut off from the rest of the genus  which does not occur 
again till we reach Siam and Burmah  
 
The curious  Pseudochelidon  from West Africa may perhaps belong to this 
family or to the Cypselid     Ibis  1861  p  321   
 
 
FAMILY 63   MEROPID     5 Genera  34 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                          1  2        1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2       
                                                               
 
The Meropid    or Bee eaters  have nearly the same distribution as the 
Rollers  but they do not penetrate quite so far either into the Eastern 
Pal  arctic or the Australian regions  The distribution of the genera is as 
follows    
 
 Merops   21 sp    has the range of the family extending on the north to 
South Scandinavia  and east to Australia and New Guinea   Nyctiornis   3 
sp    the Oriental region  except Ceylon and Java   Meropogon   1 sp    
Celebes   Meropiscus   3 sp    West Africa   Melittophagus   6 sp    
Ethiopian region  except Madagascar  
 
 
 313 FAMILY 64   TODID     1 Genus  5 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
           4                                                              
                                                               
 
The Todies are delicate  bright coloured  insectivorous birds  of small 
size  and allied to the Motmots  although externally more resembling 
flycatchers  They are wholly confined to the greater Antilles  the islands 
of Cuba  Hayti  Jamaica  and Porto Rico having each a peculiar species of 
 Todus   while another species  said to be from Jamaica  has been recently 
described  Plate XVI  Vol  II  p  67   
 
 
FAMILY 65   MOMOTID     6 Genera  17 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3                                                                 
                                                               
 
The Motmots range from Mexico to Paraguay and to the west coast of Ecuador  
but seem to have their head quarters in Central America  five of the genera 
and eleven species occurring from Panama northwards  two of the genera not 
occurring in South America  The genera are as follows    
 
 Momotus   10 sp    Mexico to Brazil and Bolivia  one species extending to 
Tobago  and one to Western Ecuador   Urospatha   1 sp    Costa Rica to the 
Amazon   Baryphthengus   1 sp    Brazil and Paraguay   Hylomanes   2 sp    
Guatemala   Prionirhynchus   2 sp    Guatemala to Upper Amazon   Eumomota  
 1 sp    Honduras to Chiriqui  
 
 
 314 FAMILY 66   TROGONID     7 Genera  44 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3  4                          1  2  3     1  2  3  4              
                                                               
 
The Trogons form a well marked family of insectivorous forest haunting 
birds  whose dense yet puffy plumage exhibits the most exquisite tints of 
pink  crimson  orange  brown  or metallic green  often relieved by delicate 
bands of pure white  In one Guatemalan species the tail coverts are 
enormously lengthened into waving plumes of rich metallic green  as 
graceful and marvellous as those of the Paradise birds  Trogons are 
tolerably abundant in the Neotropical and Oriental regions  and are 
represented in Africa by a single species of a peculiar genus  The genera 
now generally admitted are the following    
 
 Trogon   24 sp    Paraguay to Mexico  and west of the Andes in Ecuador  
 Temnotrogon   1 sp    Hayti   Prionoteles   1 sp    Cuba  Plate XVII  Vol  
II  p  67    Apaloderma   2 sp    Tropical and South Africa   Harpactes  
 10 sp    the Oriental region  excluding China   Pharomacrus   5 sp    
Amazonia to Guatemala   Euptilotis   1 sp    Mexico  
 
Remains of  Trogon  have been found in the Miocene deposits of France  and 
we are thus able to understand the existing distribution of the family  At 
that exceptionally mild period in the northern hemisphere  these birds may 
have ranged over all Europe and North America  but  as the climate became 
more severe they gradually became restricted to the tropical regions  where 
alone a sufficiency of fruit and insect food is found all the year round  
 
 
 315 FAMILY 67   ALCEDINID     19 Genera  125 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
The Kingfishers are distributed universally  but very unequally  over the 
globe  and in this respect present some of the most curious anomalies to be 
found among birds  They have their metropolis in the eastern half of the 
Malay Archipelago  our first Australian sub region   from Celebes to New 
Guinea  in which district no less than 13 out of the 19 genera occur  8 of 
them being peculiar  and it is probable that in no other equally varied 
group of universal distribution  is so large a proportion of the generic 
forms confined to so limited a district  From this centre kingfishers 
decrease rapidly in every direction  In Australia itself there are only 4 
genera with 13 species  the whole Oriental region has only 6 genera  1 
being peculiar  the Ethiopian also 6 genera  but 3 peculiar  and each of 
these have less than half the number of species possessed by the Australian 
region  The Pal  arctic region possesses only 3 genera  all derived from the 
Oriental region  but the most extraordinary deficiency is shown by the 
usually rich Neotropical region  which possesses but a single genus  common 
to the larger part of the Eastern Hemisphere  and the same genus is alone 
found in the Nearctic region  the only difference being that the former 
possesses eight  while the latter has but a single species  These facts 
almost inevitably lead to the conclusion that America long existed without 
kingfishers  and that in comparatively recent times  perhaps during the 
Miocene or Pliocene period   a species of the Old World genus   Ceryle   
found its way into North America  and spreading rapidly southward along the 
great river valleys has become differentiated in South America into the few 
closely allied forms that alone inhabit that vast country  the richest in 
the world in  316 fresh water fish  and apparently the best fitted to 
sustain a varied and numerous body of kingfishers  
 
The names of the genera  with their distribution and the number of species 
in each  as given by Mr  Sharpe in his excellent monograph of the family  
is as follows    
 
 Alcedo   9 sp    Pal  arctic  Ethiopian  and Oriental regions  but absent 
from Madagascar   and extending into the Austro Malayan sub region  
 Corythornis   3 sp    the whole Ethiopian region   Alcyone   7 sp    
Australia and the Austro Malayan sub region  with one species in the 
Philippine Islands   Ceryle   13 sp    absent only from Australia  the 
northern half of the Pal  arctic region  and Madagascar   Pelargopsis   9 
sp    the whole Oriental region  and extending to Celebes and Timor in the 
Austro Malayan sub region   Ceyx   11 sp    the Oriental region and 
Austro Malayan sub region  but absent from Celebes  and only one species in 
continental India and Ceylon   Ceycopsis   1 sp    Celebes   Myioceyx   2 
sp    West Africa   Ipsidina   4 sp    Ethiopian region   Syma   2 sp    
Papua and North Australia   Halcyon   36 sp    Australian  Oriental  and 
Ethiopian regions  and the southern part of the Pal  arctic   Dacelo   6 
sp    Australia and New Guinea   Todirhamphus   3 sp    Eastern Pacific 
Islands only   Monachalcyon   1 sp    Celebes   Caridonax   1 sp    Lombok 
and Flores   Carcineutes   2 sp    Siam to Borneo and Java   Tanysiptera  
 14 sp    Moluccas New Guinea  and North Australia  Plate X  Vol  I  p  
414    Cittura   2 sp    Celebes group   Melidora   1 sp    New Guinea  
 
 
FAMILY 68   BUCEROTIDI     12 Genera  50 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                      1  2  3     1  2  3  4  1          
                                                               
 
The Hornbills form an isolated group of generally large sized birds  whose 
huge bills form their most prominent feature  They are popularly associated 
with the American Toucans  but have no close relationship to them  and are 
now generally  317 considered to show most resemblance  though still a very 
distant one  to the kingfishers  They are abundant in the Ethiopian and 
Oriental regions  and extend eastward to the Solomon Islands  Their 
classification is very unsettled  for though they have been divided into 
more than twenty genera they have not yet been carefully studied  The 
following grouping of the genera  referring to the numbers in the  Hand 
List   must therefore be considered as only provisional    
 
 1957 1958 1963   Buceros   6 sp    all Indo Malaya  Arakan  Nepal and the 
Neilgherries  Plate IX  Vol  I  p  339    1959 1961   Hydrocissa   7 sp    
India and Ceylon to Malaya and Celebes   1962   Berenicornis   2 sp    
Sumatra and West Africa   1964   Calao   3 sp    Tennaserim  Malaya  
Moluccas to the Solomon Islands   1965   Aceros   1 sp    South east 
Himalayas   1966 1967   Cranorrhinus   3 sp    Malacca  Sumatra  Borneo  
Philippines  Celebes   1968   Penelopides   1 sp    Celebes   1969 1971  
 Tockus   15 sp    Tropical and South Africa   1972   Rhinoplax   1 sp    
Sumatra and Borneo   1973 1975   Bycanistes   6 sp    West Africa with East 
and South Africa   1976 1977   Meniceros   3 sp    India and Ceylon to 
Tenasserim   1978   Bucorvus   2 sp    Tropical and South Africa  
 
 
FAMILY 69   UPUPID     1 Genus  6 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                              2    4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3                 
                                                               
 
The Hoopoes form a small and isolated group of semi terrestrial 
insectivorous birds  whose nearest affinities are with the Hornbills  They 
are most characteristic of the Ethiopian region  but extend into the South 
of Europe and into all the continental divisions of the Oriental region  as 
well as to Ceylon  and northwards to Pekin and Mongolia  
 
 
 318 FAMILY 70   IRRISORID     1 Genus  12 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                      1  2  3                             
                                                               
 
The Irrisors are birds of generally metallic plumage  which have often been 
placed with the Epunachid   and near the Sun birds  or Birds of Paradise  
but which are undoubtedly allied to the Hoopoes  They are strictly confined 
to the continent of Africa  ranging from Abyssinia to the west coast  and 
southward to the Cape Colony  They have been divided into several 
sub genera which it is not necessary here to notice  Plate IV  Vol  I  p  
261   
 
 
FAMILY 71   PODARGID     3 Genera  20 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                  1  2  3  4  1  2       
                                                               
 
The Podargid    or Frog mouths  are a family of rather large sized nocturnal 
insectivorous birds  closely allied to the Goat suckers  but distinguished 
by their generally thicker bills  and especially by hunting for their food 
on trees or on the ground  instead of seizing it on the wing  They abound 
most in the Australian region  but one genus extends over a large part of 
the Oriental region  The following are the genera with their 
distribution    
 
 Podargus   10 sp    Australia  Tasmania  and the Papuan Islands  Plate 
XII  Vol  I  p  441    Batrachostomus   6 sp    the Oriental region 
 excluding Philippine Islands and China  and the northern Moluccas  
   gotheles   4 sp    Australia  Tasmania  and Papuan Islands  
 
 
 319 FAMILY 72   STEATORNITHID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2                                                                    
                                                               
 
This family contains a single bird  the Guacharo  forming the genus 
 Steatornis   first discovered by Humboldt in a cavern in Venezuela  and 
since found in deep ravines near Bogota  and also in Trinidad  Although 
apparently allied to the Goat suckers it is a vegetable feeder  and is 
altogether a very anomalous bird whose position in the system is still 
undetermined  
 
 
FAMILY 73   CAPRIMULGID     17 Genera  91 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2       
                                                               
 
The Goat suckers  or Night jars  are crepuscular insectivorous birds  which 
take their prey on the wing  and are remarkable for their soft and 
beautifully mottled plumage  swift and silent flight  and strange cries 
often imitating the human voice  They are universally distributed  except 
that they do not reach New Zealand or the remoter Pacific Islands  The 
South American genus   Nyctibius   differs in structure and habits from the 
other goat suckers and should perhaps form a distinct family  More than 
half the genera inhabit the Neotropical region  The genera are as 
follows    
 
 Nyctibius   6 sp    Brazil to Guatemala  Jamaica   Caprimulgus   35 sp    
Pal  arctic  Oriental  and Ethiopian regions  with the Austro Malay Islands 
and North Australia   Hydropsalis   8 sp    Tropical South America to La 
Plata   Antrostomus   10  320 sp    La Plata and Bolivia to Canada  Cuba  
 Stenopsis   4 sp    Martinique to Columbia  West Peru and Chili  
 Siphonorhis   1 sp    Jamaica   Heleothreptus   1 sp    Demerara  
 Nyctidromus   2 sp    South Brazil to Central America   Scortornis   3 
sp    West and East Africa   Macrodipteryx   2 sp    West and Central 
Africa   Cosmetornis   1 sp    all Tropical Africa   Podager   1 sp    
Tropical South America to La Plata   Lurocalis   2 sp    Brazil and Guiana  
 Chordeiles   8 sp    Brazil and West Peru to Canada  Porto Rico  Jamaica  
 Nyctiprogne   1 sp    Brazil and Amazonia   Eurostopodus   2 sp    
Australia and Papuan Islands   Lyncornis   4 sp    Burmah  Philippines  
Borneo  Celebes  
 
 
FAMILY 74   CYPSELID     7 Genera  53 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3    
                                                               
 
The Swifts can almost claim to be a cosmopolitan group  but for their 
absence from New Zealand  They are most abundant both in genera and species 
in the Neotropical and Oriental regions  The following is the distribution 
of the genera    
 
 Cypselus   1 sp    absent only from the whole of North America and the 
Pacific   Panyptila   3 sp    Guatemala and Guiana  and extending into 
North west America   Collocalia   10 sp    Madagascar  the whole Oriental 
region and eastward through New Guinea to the Marquesas Islands  
 Dendrochelidon   5 sp    Oriental region and eastward to New Guinea  
 Ch  tura   15 sp    Continental America  excluding South Temperate   West 
Africa and Madagascar  the Oriental region  North China and the Amoor  
Celebes  Australia   Hemiprocne   3 sp    Mexico to La Plata  Jamaica and 
Hayti   Cypseloides   2 sp    Brazil and Peru   Neph  cetes   2 sp    Cuba  
Jamaica  North west America  
 
 
 321 FAMILY 75   TROCHILID     118 Genera  390 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4                                                  
                                                               
 
The wonderfully varied and beautiful Humming Birds are confined to the 
American continent  where they range from Sitka to Cape Horn  while the 
island of Juan Fernandez has two peculiar species  Only 6 species  
belonging to 3 genera  are found in the Nearctic region  and most of these 
have extended their range from the south  They are excessively abundant in 
the forest clad Andes from Mexico to Chili  some species extending up to 
the limits of perpetual snow  but they diminish in number and variety in 
the plains  however luxuriant the vegetation  In place of giving here the 
names and distribution of the numerous genera into which they are now 
divided  which will be found in the tables of the genera of the Neotropical 
region   it may be more useful to present a summary of their distribution 
in the sub divisions of the American continent  as follows    
 
  Sub region I      Patagonia   S  Andes  
  Sub region II     Tropical S  America  
  Sub region III    Tropical N  America  
  Sub region IV     Antilles  
  Nearctic region   Temperate N  America  
 
                                          Sub regions             Nearctic 
                                 I       II      III       IV     Regions  
  Genera in each Sub region     10       90       41        8        3 
  Peculiar Genera                3       58       14        5        0 
  Species in each Sub region    15      275      100       15        6 
 
The island of Juan Fernandez has two species  and Masafuera  an island 
beyond it  one  the three forming a peculiar genus  The island of Tres 
Marias  about 60 miles from the west coast of Mexico  possesses a peculiar 
species of humming bird  and the Bahamas two species  but none inhabit 
either the Falkland Islands or the Galapagos  
 
Like most groups which are very rich in species and in generic forms  the 
humming birds are generally very local  small  322 generic groups being 
confined to limited districts  while single mountains  valleys  or small 
islands  often possess species found nowhere else  It is now well 
ascertained that the Trochilid   are really insectivorous birds  although 
they also feed largely  but probably never exclusively  on the nectar of 
flowers  Their nearest allies are undoubtedly the Swifts  but the wide gap 
that now separates them from these  as well as the wonderful variety of 
form and of development of plumage  that is found among them  alike point 
to their origin  at a very remote period  in the forests of the once 
insular Andes  There is perhaps no more striking contrast of the like 
nature  to be found  than that between the American kingfishers  confined 
to a few closely allied forms of one Old World genus  and the American 
humming birds with more than a hundred diversified generic forms unlike 
everything else upon the globe  and we can hardly imagine any other cause 
for this difference  than a  comparatively  very recent introduction in the 
one case  and a very high antiquity in the other  
 
 
 General Remarks on the Distribution of the Picari     
 
The very heterogeneous mass of birds forming the Order Picari    contains 25 
families  307 genera and 1 604 species  This gives about 64 species to each 
family  while in the Passeres the proportion is nearly double  or 111 
species per family  There are  in fact  only two very large families in the 
Order  which happen to be the first and last in the series  Picid   and 
Trochilid    Two others  Cuculid   and Alcedinid    are rather large  while 
the rest are all small  seven of them consisting only of a single genus and 
from one to a dozen species  Only one of the families  Alcedinid    is 
absolutely cosmopolitan  but three others are nearly so  Caprimulgid   and 
Cypselid   being only absent from New Zealand  and Cuculid   from the 
Canadian sub region of North America  Eleven families inhabit the Old World 
only  while seven are confined to the New World  only one of 
these  Trochilid    being common to the Neotropical and Nearctic regions  
 
The Picari   are highly characteristic of tropical faunas  for  323 while no 
less than 15 out of the 25 families are exclusively tropical  none are 
confined to  or have their chief development in  the temperate regions  
They are best represented in the Ethiopian region  which possesses 17 
families  4 of which are peculiar to it  while the Oriental region has only 
14 families  none of which are peculiar  The Neotropical region has also 14 
families  but 6 of them are peculiar  The Australian region has 8  the 
Pal  arctic 9 and the Nearctic 6 families  but none of these are peculiar  
We may see a reason for the great specialization of this tropical 
assemblage of birds in the Ethiopian and Neotropical regions  in the fact 
of the large extent of land on both sides of the Equator which these two 
regions alone possess  and their extreme isolation either by sea or deserts 
from other regions   an isolation which we know was in both cases much 
greater in early Tertiary times  It is  perhaps  for a similar reason that 
we here find hardly any trace of the connection between Australia and South 
America which other groups exhibit  for that connection has most probably 
been effected by a former communication between the temperate southern 
extremities of those two continents  The most interesting and suggestive 
fact  is that presented by the distribution of the Megal  mid   and Trogonid   
over the tropics of America  Africa  and Asia  In the absence of 
pal  ontological evidence as to the former history of the Megal  mid    we are 
unable to say positively  whether it owes its present distribution to a 
former closer union between these continents in intertropical latitudes  or 
to a much greater northern range of the group at the period when a 
luxuriant sub tropical vegetation extended far toward the Arctic regions  
but the discovery of  Trogon  in the Miocene deposits of the South of 
France renders it almost certain that the latter is the true explanation in 
the case of both these families  
 
The Neotropical region  owing to its enormous family of humming birds  is 
by far the richest in Picari    possessing nearly half the total number of 
species  and a still larger proportion of genera  Three families  the 
Bucerotid    Meropid   and Coraciid   are equally characteristic of the 
Oriental and  324 Ethiopian regions  a few outlying species only entering 
the Australian or the Pal  arctic regions  One family  Todid    is confined 
to the West Indian Islands  and another  Leptosomid    consisting of but a 
single species  to Madagascar  parallel cases to the Drepanidid   among the 
Passeres  peculiar to the Sandwich Islands  and the Apterygid   among the 
Struthiones  peculiar to New Zealand  
 
 
 Order III   PSITTACI   
 
The Parrots have been the subject of much difference of opinion among 
ornithologists  and no satisfactory arrangement of the order into families 
and genera has yet been reached  Professor Garrod has lately examined 
certain points in the anatomy of a large number of genera  and proposes to 
revolutionize the ordinary classifications  Until  however  a general 
examination of their whole anatomy  internal and external  has been made by 
some competent authority  it will be unsafe to adopt the new system  as we 
have as yet no guide to the comparative value of the characters made use 
of  I therefore keep as much as possible to the old groups  founded on 
external characters  only using the indications furnished by Professor 
Garrod s paper  to determine the position of doubtful genera  
 
 
FAMILY 76   CACATUID     5 Genera  35 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                           4  1  2       
                                                               
 
The Cacatuid    Plyctolophid    or Camptolophid    as they have been variously 
termed  comprise all those crested parrots usually termed Cockatoos  
together with one or two doubtful forms  They are very abundant in the 
Australian region  more especially in the Austro Malayan portion of it  one 
species inhabiting  325 the Philippine Islands  but they do not pass 
further east than the Solomon Islands and are not found in New Zealand  The 
distribution of the genera is as follow    
 
 Cacatua   18 sp    ranges from the Philippine Islands  Celebes and Lombok  
to the Solomon Islands and to Tasmania   Calopsitta   1 sp    Australia  
 Calyptorhynchus   8 sp    is confined to Australia and Tasmania  
 Microglossus   2 sp     perhaps a distinct family  to the Papuan district 
and North Australia   Licmetis   3 sp    Australia  Solomon Islands  and 
    New Guinea   Nasiterna   3 sp    a minute form  the smallest of the 
whole order  and perhaps not belonging to this family  is only known from 
the Papuan and Solomon Islands  
 
 
FAMILY 77   PLATYCERCID     11 Genera  57 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                              1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
The Platycercid   comprise a series of large tailed Parrots  of weak 
structure and gorgeous colours  with a few ground feeding genera of more 
sober protective tints  the whole family being confined to the Australian 
region  The genera are    
 
 1996 1999 2000   Platycercus   14 sp    Australia  Tasmania  and Norfolk 
Island   Psephotus   6 sp    Australia   Polytelis   3 sp    Australia  
 Nymphicus   1 sp    Australia and New Caledonia   2002 2003   Aprosmictus  
 6 sp    Australia  Papua  Timor  and Moluccas   Pyrrhulopsis   3 sp    
Tonga and Fiji Islands   Cyanoramphus   14 sp    New Zealand  Norfolk 
Island  New Caledonia  and Society Islands   Melopsittacus   1 sp    
Australia   Euphema   7 sp    Australia   Pezoporus   1 sp    Australia and 
Tasmania   Geopsittacus   1 sp    West Australia  The four last genera are 
ground feeders  and are believed by Professor Garrod to be allied to the 
Owl Parrot of New Zealand   Stringops    
 
 
 326 FAMILY 78   PAL  ORNITHID     8 Genera  65 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                       1  2    4  1  2  3  4  1  2       
                                                               
 
I class here a group of birds brought together  for the most part  by 
geographical distribution as well as by agreement in internal structure  
but which is nevertheless of a very uncertain and provisional character  
 
 Pal  ornis   18 sp    the Oriental region  Mauritius  Rodriguez  and 
Seychelle Islands  and a species in Tropical Africa  apparently identical 
with the Indian  P  torquatus   and therefore  considering the very ancient 
intercourse between the two countries  and the improbability of the 
 species  remaining unchanged if originating by natural causes  most likely 
the progeny of domestic birds introduced from India   Prioniturus   3 sp    
Celebes and the Philippine Islands   2061   Geoffroyus   5 sp    Bouru to 
Timor and the Solomon Islands   Tanygnathus   5 sp    Philippines  Celebes  
and Moluccas to New Guinea   Eclectus   8 sp    Moluccas and Papuan 
Islands   Psittinus   1 sp    Tenasserim to Sumatra and Borneo  
 Cyclopsitta   8 sp    Papuan Islands  Philippines and North east 
Australia   Loriculus   17 sp    ranges over the whole Oriental region to 
Flores  the Moluccas  and the Papuan island of Mysol  but most of the 
species are concentrated in the district including the Philippines  
Celebes  Gilolo  and Flores  there being 1 in India  1 in South China  1 in 
Ceylon  1 in Java  1 in Malacca  Sumatra  and Borneo  3 in Celebes  5 in 
the Philippines  and the rest in the Moluccas  Mysol  and Flores  This 
genus forms a transition to the next family  
 
 
 327 FAMILY 79   TRICHOGLOSSID     6 Genera  57 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                              1  2  3    
                                                               
 
The Trichoglossid    or Brush tongued Paroquets  including the Lories  are 
exclusively confined to the Australian region  where they extend from 
Celebes to the Marquesas Islands  and south to Tasmania  The genus 
 Nanodes      Lathamus   has been shown by Professor Garrod to differ from 
 Trichoglossus  in the position of the carotid arteries  I therefore make 
it a distinct genus but do not consider that it should be placed in another 
family  The genera here admitted are as follows    
 
 Trichoglossus   29 sp    ranges over the whole Austro Malay and Australian 
sub regions  and to the Society Islands   2047   Nanodes   1 sp    
Australia and Tasmania   Charmosyna   1 sp    New Guinea  Plate X  Vol  I  
p  414    Eos   9 sp    Bouru and Sanguir Island north of Celebes  to the 
Solomon Islands  and in Puynipet Island to the north east of New Ireland  
 2039 2040   Lorius   13 sp    Bouru and the Solomon Islands   2041 2043  
 Coriphilus   4 sp    Samoa  Tonga  Society and Marquesas Islands  
 
 
FAMILY 80   CONURID     7 Genera  79 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4        3                                                     
                                                               
 
The Conurid    which consist of the Macaws and their allies  are wholly 
confined to America  ranging from the Straits of Magellan to South Carolina 
and Nebraska  with Cuba and Jamaica  Professor Garrod places  Pyrrhura  
 which has generally  328 been classed as a part of the genus  Conurus   in 
a separate family  on account of the absence of the ambiens muscle of the 
knee  but as we are quite ignorant of the classificational value of this 
character  it is better for the present to keep both as distinct genera of 
the same family  The genera are    
 
 Ara   15 sp    Paraguay to Mexico and Cuba   Rhyncopsitta   1 sp    
Mexico   Henicognathus   1 sp    Chili   Conurus   30 sp    the range of 
the family   Pyrrhura   16 sp    Paraguay and Bolivia to Costa Pica  
 Bolborhynchus   7 sp    La Plata  Bolivia and West Peru  with one species 
in Mexico and Guatemala   Brotogerys   9 sp    Brazil to Mexico  
 
 
FAMILY 81   PSITTACID      12 Genera  87 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3  4                          1  2  3  4                          
                                                               
 
The Psittacid   comprise a somewhat heterogeneous assemblage of Parrots and 
Paroquets of the Neotropical and Ethiopian regions  which are combined here 
more for convenience than because they are believed to form a natural 
group  The genera  Chrysotis  and  Pionus  have no oil gland  while 
 Psittacula  and  Agapornis  have lost the furcula  but neither of these 
characters are probably of more than generic value  The genera are    
 
 Psittacus   2 sp    West Africa   Coracopsis   5 sp    Madagascar  Comoro  
and Seychelle Islands   P  ocephalus   9 sp    all Tropical and South 
Africa   2063 2066   Caica   9 sp    Mexico to Amazonia   Chrysotis   32 
sp    Paraguay to Mexico and the West Indian Islands   Triclaria   1 sp    
Brazil   Deroptyus   1 sp    Amazonia   Pionus   9 sp    Paraguay to 
Mexico   Urochroma   7 sp    Tropical South America   Psittacula   6 sp    
Brazil to Mexico   Poliopsitta   2 sp    Madagascar and West Africa  
 Agapornis   4 sp    Tropical and South Africa  
 
 
 329 FAMILY 82   NESTORID       2 Genera  6 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                               1       4 
                                                               
 
The present family is formed to receive the genus  Nestor   5 sp    
confined to New Zealand and Norfolk Island  Its affinities are doubtful  
but it appears to have relations with the American Conurid   and the 
Australian Trichoglossid    With it is placed the rare and remarkable 
 Dasyptilus   1 sp    of New Guinea  of which however very little is known  
 
 
FAMILY 83   STRINGOPID     1 Genus  2 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                                       4 
                                                               
 
This family contains only the curious owl like nocturnal Parrot of New 
Zealand   Stringops habroptilus   Plate XIII  Vol  I  p  455   An allied 
species is said to inhabit the Chatham Islands  if not now extinct  
 
 
 General Remarks on the Distribution of the Psittaci   
 
Although the Parrots are now generally divided into several distinct 
families  yet they form so well marked and natural a group  and are so 
widely separated from all other birds  that we may best discuss their 
peculiarities of geographical distribution by treating them as a whole  By 
the preceding enumeration we find that there are about 386 species of known 
parrots  which are divided into 52 genera  They are pre eminently a 
tropical group  for although a few species extend a considerable distance 
into the temperate zone  these are  330 marked exceptions to the rule which 
limits the parrot tribe to the tropical and sub tropical regions  roughly 
defined as extending about 30   on each side of the equator  In America a 
species of  Conurus  reaches the straits of Magellan on the south  while 
another inhabits the United States  and once extended to the great lakes  
although now confined to the south eastern districts  In Africa parrots do 
not reach the northern tropic  owing to the desert nature of the country  
and in the south they barely reach the Orange River  In India they extend 
to about 35   N  in the western Himalayas  and in the Australian region  not 
only to New Zealand but to Macquarie Islands in 54   S   the farthest point 
from the equator reached by the group  But although found in all the 
tropical regions they are most unequally distributed  Africa is poorest  
possessing only 6 genera and 25 species  the Oriental region is also very 
poor  having but 6 genera and 29 species  the Neotropical region is much 
richer  having 14 genera and 141 species  while the smallest in area and 
the least tropical in climate  the Australian region  possesses 31 genera 
and 176 species  and it also possesses exclusively 5 of the families  
Trichoglossid    Platycercid    Cacatuid    Nestorid    and Stringopid    The 
portion of the earth s surface that contains the largest number of parrots 
in proportion to its area is  undoubtedly  the Austro Malayan sub region  
including the islands from Celebes to the Solomon Islands  The area of 
these islands is probably not one fifteenth of that of the four tropical 
regions  yet they contain from one fifth to one fourth of all the known 
parrots  In this area too are found many of the most remarkable forms   all 
the crimson lories  the great black Cockatoos  the pigmy  Nasiterna   the 
raquet tailed  Prioniturus   and the bareheaded  Dasyptilus   
 
The almost universal distribution of Parrots wherever the climate is 
sufficiently mild or uniform to furnish them with a perennial supply of 
food  no less than their varied details of organization  combined with a 
great uniformity of general type   tell us  in unmistakable language  of a 
very remote antiquity  The only early record of extinct parrots is  
however  in the Miocene of France  where remains apparently allied to the 
West  331 African  Psittacus   have been found  But the origin of so 
widespread  isolated  and varied a group  must be far earlier than this  
and not improbably dates back beyond the dawn of the Tertiary period  Some 
primeval forms may have entered the Australian region with the Marsupials  
or not long after them  while perhaps at a somewhat later epoch they were 
introduced into South America  In these two regions they have greatly 
flourished  while in the two other tropical regions only a few types have 
been found  capable of maintaining themselves  among the higher forms of 
mammalia  and in competition with a more varied series of birds  This seems 
much more probable than the supposition that so highly organized a group 
should have originated in the Australian region  and subsequently become so 
widely spread over the globe  
 
 
 Order IV   COLUMB     
 
FAMILY 84   COLUMBID     44 Genera  355 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
The Columbid    or Pigeons and Doves  are almost universally distributed  
but very unequally in the different regions  Being best adapted to live in 
warm or temperate climates  they diminish rapidly northwards  reaching 
about 62   N  Latitude in North America  but considerably farther in Europe  
Both the Nearctic and Pal  arctic regions are very poor in genera and 
species of pigeons  those of the former region being mostly allied to 
Neotropical  and those of the latter to Oriental and Ethiopian types  The 
Ethiopian region is  however  itself very poor  and several of its peculiar 
forms are confined to the Madagascar sub region  The Neotropical region is 
very rich in peculiar genera  though but moderately so in number of 
species  The Oriental  332 region closely approaches it in both respects  
but the Australian region is by far the richest  possessing nearly double 
the genera and species of any other region  and abounding in remarkable 
forms quite unlike those of any other part of the globe  The following 
table gives the number of genera and species in each region  and enables us 
readily to determine the comparative richness and isolation of each  as 
regards this extensive family    
 
  Regions       No  of Genera     Peculiar Genera     No  of Species  
  Neotropical         13                  9                 75 
  Nearctic             5                  1                  7 
  Pal  arctic           3                  0                  9 
  Ethiopian            6                  1                 37 
  Oriental            12                  1                 66 
  Australian          24                 14                148 
 
With the exception of  Columba  and  Turtur   which have a wide range  
 Treron   common to the Oriental and Ethiopian regions  and  Carpophaga   
to the Oriental and Australian  most of the genera of pigeons are either 
restricted to or very characteristic of a single region  
 
The distribution of the genera here admitted is as follows    
 
 Treron   37 sp    the whole Oriental region  and eastward to Celebes  
Amboyna and Flores  also the whole Ethiopian region to Madagascar  
 Ptilopus   52 sp    the Australian region  excluding New Zealand  and the 
Indo Malay sub region   Alectroenas   4 sp    Madagascar and the Mascarene 
Islands   Carpophaga   50 sp    the whole Australian and Oriental regions  
but much the most abundant in the former   2274   Ianthoenas   11 sp    
Japan  Andaman  Nicobar  and Philippine Islands  Timor and Gilolo to Samoa 
Islands   2278   Leucomel  na   1 sp    Australia   Lopholaimus   1 sp    
Australia   2279 and 2283   Als  comus   2 sp    Himalayas to Ceylon and 
Tenasserim   Columba   46 sp    generally distributed over all the regions 
except the Australian  one species however in the Fiji Islands  
 Ectopistes   1 sp    east of North America with British Columbia  
 Zenaidura   2 sp    Veragua to Canada and British Columbia   Oena   1 
sp    Tropical and South Africa   Geopelia   6 sp    Philippine Islands and 
Java to Australia   Macropygia   14 sp    Nepal  Hainan  Nicobar  Java  
 333 and Philippines to Australia and New Ireland   Turacoena   3 sp    
Celebes  Timor  and Solomon Islands   Reinwardtoenas   1 sp    Celebes to 
New Guinea   Turtur   24 sp    Pal  arctic  Ethiopian and Oriental regions 
with Austro Malaya   Ch  mepelia   7 sp    Brazil and Bolivia to Jamaica  
California  and South east United States   Columbula   2 sp    Brazil and 
La Plata to Chili   Scardafella   2 sp    Brazil and Guatemala   Zenaida  
 10 sp    Chili and La Plata to Columbia and the Antilles  Fernando 
Noronha   Melopelia   2 sp    Chili to Mexico and California   Peristera  
 4 sp    Brazil to Mexico   Metriopelia   2 sp    West America from Ecuador 
to Chili   Gymnopelia   1 sp    West Peru and Bolivia   Leptoptila   11 
sp    Paraguay to Mexico and the Antilles   2317 2318 and 2820   Geotrygon  
 14 sp    Paraguay to Mexico and the Antilles   Aplopelia   5 sp    
Tropical and South Africa  St  Thomas and Princes Island   Chalocopelia   4 
sp    Tropical and South Africa   Starnoenas   1 sp    Cuba  Ocyphaps  1 
sp    Australia  Plate XII  Vol  I  p  441    Petrophassa   1 sp    
North west Australia   Chalocophaps   8 sp    the Oriental region to New 
Guinea and Australia   Trugon   1 sp    New Guinea   Henicophaps   1 sp    
Waigiou and New Guinea   Phaps   3 sp    Australia and Tasmania  
 Leucosarcia   1 sp    East Australia   Phapitreron   2 sp    Philippine 
Islands   Geophaps   2 sp    North and East Australia   Lophophaps   3 
sp    Australia   Caloenas   1 sp    scattered on the smaller islands from 
the Nicobars and Philippines to New Guinea   Otidiphaps   1 sp    New 
Guinea   Phlogoenas   7 sp    Philippine Islands and Celebes to the 
Marquesas Islands   Goura   2 sp    New Guinea and the islands on the 
north east  Plate X  Vol  I  p  414   
 
 
FAMILY 84 a    DIDUNCULID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                                    3    
                                                               
 
 334 The  Didunculus stigirostris   a hook billed ground pigeon  found only 
in the Samoa Islands  is so peculiar in its structure that it is considered 
to form a distinct family  
 
 
FAMILY 85   DIDID      2 Genera  3 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                               4                          
                                                               
 
The birds which constitute this family are now all extinct  but as numerous 
drawings are in existence  taken from living birds some of which were 
exhibited in Europe  and a stuffed specimen  fragments of which still 
remain  was in the Ashmolean Museum at Oxford down to 1755  they must be 
classed among recent  as opposed to geologically extinct species  The Dodo 
  Didus ineptus   a large  unwieldy  flightless bird  inhabited Mauritius 
down to the latter part of the 17th century  and an allied form  the 
Solitaire   Pezophaps solitaria    was found only in the island of 
Rodriguez  where it survived about a century later  Old voyagers mention a 
Dodo also in Bourbon  and a rude figure of it exists  but no remains of 
this bird have been found  Almost complete skeletons of the Dodo and 
Solitaire have  however  been recovered from the swamps of Mauritius and 
the caves of Rodriguez  proving that they were both extremely modified 
forms of pigeon  These large birds were formerly very abundant  and being 
excellent eating and readily captured  the early voyagers to these islands 
used them largely for food  As they could be caught by man  and very easily 
by dogs  they were soon greatly diminished in numbers  and the introduction 
of swine  which ran wild in the forests and fed on the eggs and young 
birds  completed their extermination  
 
The existence in the Mascarene Islands of a group of such remarkable 
terrestrial birds  with aborted wings  is parallel to that of the  Apteryx  
and  Dinornis  in New Zealand  the Cassowaries of Austro Malaya  and the 
short winged Rails of New  335 Zealand  Tristan d Acunha  and other oceanic 
islands  and the phenomenon is clearly dependent on the long continued 
absence of enemies  which allowed of great increase of bulk and the total 
loss of the power of flight  without injury  In some few cases  the Ostrich 
for example  birds incapable of flight co exist with large carnivorous 
mammalia  but these birds are large and powerful  as well as very swift  
and are thus able to escape from some enemies and defend themselves against 
others  The entire absence of the smaller and more defenceless ground birds 
from the adjacent island of Madagascar  is quite in accordance with this 
view  because that island has several small but destructive carnivorous 
animals  
 
 
 General Remarks on the Distribution of the Columb     
 
The striking preponderance of Pigeons  both as to genera and species  in 
the Australian region  would seem to indicate that at some former period it 
possessed a more extensive land area in which this form of bird life took 
its rise  But there are other considerations which throw doubt upon this 
view  The western half of the Malay Archipelago  belonging to the Oriental 
region  is also rich in pigeons  since it has 43 species belonging to 11 
genera  rather more than are found in all the rest of the Oriental region  
Again  we find that the Mascarene Islands and the Antilles both possess 
more pigeons than we should expect  in proportion to those of the regions 
to which they belong  and to their total amount of bird life  This looks as 
if islands were more favourable to pigeon development than continents  and 
if we group together the Pacific and the Malayan Islands  the Mascarene 
group and the Antilles  we find that they contain together about 170 
species of pigeons belonging to 24 out of the 47 genera here adopted  while 
all the great continents united only produce about the same number of 
species belonging  if we omit those peculiar to Australia  to only 20 
genera  The great development of the group in the Australian region may  
therefore  be due to its consisting mainly of islands  and not to the order 
having originated there  and thus having had a longer period in which to 
develop  I have elsewhere suggested   Ibis  1865  p  366   336 a physical 
cause for this peculiarity of distribution  Pigeons build rude  open nests  
and their young remain helpless for a considerable period  They are thus 
exposed to the attacks of such arboreal quadrupeds or other animals as feed 
on eggs or young birds  Monkeys are very destructive in this respect  and 
it is a noteworthy fact that over the whole Australian region  the 
Mascarene Islands and the Antilles  monkeys are unknown  In the Indo Malay 
sub region  where monkeys are generally plentiful  the greatest variety of 
pigeons occurs in the Philippines  where there is but a single species in 
one island  and in Java  where monkeys are far less numerous than in 
Sumatra or Borneo  If we add to this consideration the fact  that mammalia 
and rapacious birds are  as a rule  far less abundant in islands than on 
continents  and that the extreme development of pigeon life is reached in 
the Papuan group of islands  in which mammalia  except a few marsupials  
bats  and pigs  are wholly absent  we see further reason to adopt this 
view  It is also to be noted that in America  comparatively few pigeons are 
found in the rich forests  comparable to those of the Australian insular 
region in which they abound   but are mostly confined to the open campos  
the high Andes  and the western coast districts  from which the 
monkey tribe are wholly absent  
 
This view is further supported by the great development of colour that is 
found in the pigeons of these insular regions  culminating in the 
golden yellow fruit dove of the Fiji Islands  the metallic green 
Nicobar pigeon of Malaya  and the black and crimson  Alectroenas  of 
Mauritius  Here also  alone  we meet with crested pigeons  rendering the 
possessors more conspicuous  such as the  Lopholaimus  of Australia and the 
crowned  Goura  of New Guinea  and here too are more peculiar forms of 
terrestrial pigeons than elsewhere  though none have completely lost the 
power of flight but the now extinct Didid    
 
The curious liking of pigeons for an insular habitat is well shown in the 
genera  Ianthoenas  and  Caloenas   The former  containing 11 species  
ranges over a hundred degrees of longitude  and forty five of latitude  
extending into three regions  yet nowhere inhabits a continent or even a 
large island  It is  337 found in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands  in the 
Philippines  Gilolo  and the smaller Papuan Islands  and in Japan  yet not 
in any of the large Malay Islands or in Australia  The other genus  
 Caloenas   consists of but a single species  yet this ranges from the 
Nicobar Islands to New Guinea  It is not  however  as far as known  found 
on any of the large islands  but seems to prefer the smaller islands which 
surround them  We here have the general preference of pigeons for islands  
further developed in these two genera into a preference for small islands  
and it is probable that the same cause  the greater freedom from 
danger  has produced both phenomena  
 
Of the geological antiquity of the Columb   we have no evidence  but their 
wide distribution  their varied forms  and their great isolation  all point 
to an origin  at least as far back as that we have assigned as probable in 
the case of the Parrots  
 
 
 Order V   GALLIN     
 
 
FAMILY 86   PTEROCLID     2 Genera  16 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                             2  3  4   1    3  4  1                       
                                                               
 
The Pteroclid    or Sand grouse  are elegantly formed birds with pointed 
tails  and plumage of beautifully varied protective tints  characteristic 
of the Ethiopian region and Central Asia  though extending into Southern 
Europe and Hindostan  Being pre eminently desert birds  they avoid the 
forest districts of all these countries  but abound in the most arid 
situations and on the most open and barren plains  The distribution of the 
genera is as follows    
 
 Pterocles   14 sp    has the same range as the family   Syrrhaptes   2 
sp    normally inhabits Tartary  Thibet  and Mongolia to the country around 
Pekin  and occasionally visits Eastern Europe  But a few years back  1863  
great numbers suddenly appeared in  338 Europe and extended westward to the 
shores of the Atlantic  while some even reached Ireland and the F  roes  
 Plate III  Vol  I  p  226   
 
 
FAMILY 87   TETRAONID     29 Genera  170 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2    4  
                                                               
 
The Tetraonid    including the Grouse  Partridges  Quails  and allied forms  
abound in all parts of the Eastern continents  they are less plentiful in 
North America and comparatively scarce in South America  more than half the 
Neotropical species being found north of Panama  and in the Australian 
region there are only a few of small size  The Ethiopian region probably 
contains most species  next comes the Oriental  India proper from the 
Himalayas to Ceylon having twenty  while the Australian region  with 15 
species  is the poorest  These facts render it probable that the Tetraonid   
are essentially denizens of the great northern continents  and that their 
entrance into South America  Australia  and even South Africa  is  
comparatively speaking  recent  They have developed into forms equally 
suited to the tropical plains and the arctic regions  some of them being 
among the few denizens of the extreme north  as well as of the highest 
alpine snows  The genera are somewhat unsettled  and there is even some 
uncertainty as to the limits between this family and the next  but the 
following are those now generally admitted    
 
 Ptilopachus   1 sp    West Africa   Francolinus   34 sp    all Africa  
South Europe  India to Ceylon  and South China   Ortygornis   3 sp    
Himalayas to Ceylon  Sumatra  and Borneo   Peliperdix   1 sp    West 
Africa   Perdix   3 sp    the whole Continental Pal  arctic region  
 Margaroperdix   1 sp    Madagascar   Oreoperdix   1 sp    Formosa  
 Arborophila   8 sp    the Oriental Continent and the Philippines  
 Peloperdix   4 sp    Tenasserim and Malaya   Coturnix   21 sp    Temperate 
Pal  arctic  Ethiopian and  339 Oriental regions  and the Australian to New 
Zealand   Rollulus   2 sp    Siam to Sumatra  Borneo  and Philippines  
 Caloperdix   1 sp    Malacca and Sumatra   Odontophorus   17 sp    Brazil 
and Peru to Mexico   Dendrortyx   3 sp    Guatemala and Mexico   Cyrtonyx  
 3 sp    Guatemala to New Mexico   Ortyx   8 sp    Honduras and Cuba to 
Canada   Eupsychortyx   6 sp    Brazil and Ecuador to Mexico   Callipepla  
 3 sp    Mexico to California   Lophortyx   2 sp    Arizona and California  
 Oreortyx   1 sp    California and Oregon  Plate XVIII   Vol  II  p  128   
 Lerwa   1 sp    Snowy Himalayas and East Thibet   Caccabis   10 sp    
Pal  arctic region to Abyssinia  Arabia and the Punjaub   Tetraogallus   4 
sp    Caucasus and Himalayas to Altai Mountains   Tetrao   7 sp    northern 
parts of Pal  arctic and Nearctic regions   Centrocercus   1 sp    Rocky 
Mountains   Pedioc  tes   2 sp    North and North west America  Plate XVIII  
Vol  II  p  128    Cupidonia   1 sp    East and North Central United States 
and Canada   Bonasa   3 sp    north of Nearctic and Pal  arctic regions  
 Lagopus   6 sp    Arctic Zone and northern parts of Nearctic and 
Pal  arctic regions  
 
 
FAMILY 88   PHASIANID     18 Genera  75 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
        3        2  3        2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1          
                                                               
 
The Phasianid    including the Pea fowl  Pheasants  and Jungle fowl  the 
Turkeys  and the Guinea fowl  are very widely distributed  but are far more 
abundant than elsewhere in the Eastern parts of Asia  both tropical and 
temperate  Leaving out the African guinea fowls and the American turkeys  
we have 13 genera and 63 species belonging to the Oriental and Pal  arctic 
regions  These are grouped by Mr  Elliot  whose arrangement we mainly 
follow  in 5 sub families  of which 3  Pavonni    Euplocamin    and 
Gallin    are chiefly Oriental  while the Lophophorni   and Phasianin   are 
mostly Pal  arctic or from the highlands on the  340 borders of the two 
regions  The genera adopted by Mr  Elliot in his  Monograph  are the 
following    
 
PAVONIN    4 genera    Pavo   2 sp    Himalayas to Ceylon  Siam  to 
South west China and Java   Argusianus   4 sp    Siam  Malay Peninsula  and 
Borneo  Plate IX  Vol  I  p  339    Polyplectron   5 sp    Upper Assam to 
South west China and Sumatra   Crossoptilon   4 sp    Thibet and North 
China   Plate III  Vol  I  p  226   
 
LOPHOPHORIN    4 genera    Lophophorus   3 sp    High woody region of 
Himalayas from Cashmere to West China   Tetraophasis   1 sp    East Thibet  
 Ceriornis   5 sp    Highest woody Himalayas from Cashmere to Bhotan and 
Western China  Plate VII  Vol  I  p  331    Pucrasia   3 sp    Lower and 
High woody Himalayas from the Hindoo Koosh to North west China  
 
PHASIANIN    2 genera    Phasianus   12 sp    Western Asia to Japan and 
Formosa  south to near Canton and Yunan  and the Western Himalayas  north 
to the Altai Mountains   Thaumalea   3 sp    North western China and 
Mongolia   Plate III  Vol  I  p  226   
 
EUPLOCAMIN    2 genera    Euplocamus   12 sp    Cashmere  along Southern 
Himalayas to Siam  South China and Formosa  and to Sumatra and Borneo  
 Ithaginis   2 sp    High Himalayas from Nepal to North west China  
 
GALLIN    1 genus    Gallus   4 sp    Cashmere to Hainan  Ceylon  Borneo  
Java  and eastwards to Celebes and Timor   Central India  Ceylon  and East 
Java  have each a distinct species of Jungle fowl   
 
MELEAGRIN    1 genus    Meleagris   3 sp    Eastern and Central United 
States and south to Mexico  Guatemala and Yucatan  
 
AGELASTIN    2 genera    Phasidus   1 sp    West Africa   Agelastes   1 
sp    West Africa  
 
NUMIDIN    2 genera    Acryllium   1 sp    West Africa   Numida   9 sp    
Ethiopian region  east to Madagascar  south to Natal and Great Fish River  
 
 
 341 FAMILY 89   TURNICID     2 Genera  24 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                              2    4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2       
                                                               
 
The Turnicid   are small Quail like birds  supposed to have remote 
affinities with the American Tinamous  and with sufficient distinctive 
peculiarities to constitute a separate family  They range over the Old 
World  from Spain all through Africa and Madagascar  and over the whole 
Oriental region to Formosa  and then north again to Pekin  as well as 
south eastward to Australia and Tasmania  The genus  Turnix   23 sp    has 
the range of the family   Ortyxelos   1 sp    inhabits Senegal  but the 
latter genus may not belong to this family  
 
 
FAMILY 90   MEGAPODIID     4 Genera  20 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                  1  2  3              4 
                                                               
 
The Megapodiid    or Mound makers and Brush turkeys  are generally 
dull coloured birds of remarkable habits and economy  which have no near 
allies  but are supposed to have a remote affinity with the South American 
Curassows  They are highly characteristic of the Australian region  
extending into almost every part of it except New Zealand and the remotest 
Pacific islands  and only sending two species beyond its limits   a 
 Megapodius  in the Philippine Islands and North west Borneo  and another 
in the Nicobar Islands  separated by about 1 800 miles from its nearest 
ally in Lombok  The Philippine species offers little difficulty  for these 
birds are found on the smallest  342 islands and sand banks  and can 
evidently pass over a few miles of sea with ease  but the Nicobar bird is a 
very different case  because none of the numerous intervening islands offer 
a single example of the family  Instead of being a well marked and clearly 
differentiated form  as we should expect to find it if its remote and 
isolated habitat were due to natural causes  it so nearly resembles some of 
the closely allied species of the Moluccas and New Guinea  that  had it 
been found with them  it would hardly have been thought specifically 
extinct  I therefore believe that it is probably an introduction by the 
Malays  and that  owing to the absence of enemies and general suitability 
of conditions  it has thriven in the islands and has become slightly 
differentiated in colour from the parent stock  The following is the 
distribution of the genera at present known    
 
 Talegallus   2 sp    New Guinea and East Australia   Megacephalon   1 
sp    East Celebes   Lipoa   1 sp    South Australia   Megapodius   16 
sp    Philippine Islands and Celebes  to Timor  North Australia  New 
Caledonia  the Marian and Samoa Islands  and probably every intervening 
island   also a species  doubtfully indigenous  in the Nicobar Islands  
 
 
FAMILY 91   CRACID     12 Genera  53 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3        2                                                        
                                                               
 
 Messrs  Sclater and Salvin s arrangement is here followed   
 
The Cracid    or Curassows and Guans  comprise the largest and handsomest 
game birds of the Neotropical region  where they take the place of the 
grouse and pheasants of the Old World  They are almost all forest dwellers  
and are a strictly Neotropical family  only one species just entering the 
Nearctic region as far as New Mexico  They extend southward to Paraguay and 
the extreme south of Brazil  but none are found in the  343 Antilles  nor 
west of the Andes south of the bay of Guayaquil  The sub families and 
genera are as follows    
 
CRACIN    4 genera    Crax   8 sp    Mexico to Paraguay  Plate XV   Vol  II  
p  28    Nothocrax   1 sp    Guiana  Upper Rio Negro  and Upper Amazon  
 Pauxi   1 sp    Guiana to Venezuela   Mitua   2 sp    Guiana and Upper 
Amazon  
 
PENELOPIN    7 genera    Stegnol  ma   1 sp    Columbia and Ecuador  
 Penelope   14 sp    Mexico to Paraguay and to western slope of Ecuadorian 
Andes   Penelopina   1 sp    Guatemala   Pipile   3 sp    Venezuela to 
Eastern Brazil   Aburria   1 sp   Columbia   Cham  petes   2 sp    Costa 
Rica to Peru   Ortalida   18 sp    New Mexico to Paraguay  also Tobago  
 
OREOPHASIN    1 genus    Oreophasis   1 sp    Guatemala  
 
It thus appears that the Cracin   are confined to South America east of the 
Andes  except one species in Central America  whereas nine Penelopin   and 
 Oreophasis  are found north of Panama  The species of the larger genera 
are strictly representative  each having its own distinct geographical 
area  so that two species of the same genus are rarely or never found in 
the same locality  
 
 
FAMILY 92   TINAMID     9 Genera  39 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3                                                                 
                                                               
 
The Tinamous are a very remarkable family of birds  with the general 
appearance of partridges or hemipodes  but with the tail either very small 
or entirely wanting  They differ greatly in their organization from any of 
the Old World Gallin    and approach  in some respects  the Struthiones or 
Ostrich tribe  They are very terrestrial in their habits  inhabiting the 
forests  open plains  and mountains of the Neotropical region  from 
Patagonia and Chili to Mexico  but  like the Cracid    they are absent from 
the Antilles  Their colouring is very sober and protective  as is the case 
with so many ground birds  and they are seldom adorned  344 with crests or 
other ornamental plumes  so prevalent in the order to which they belong  
The sub families and genera  according to the arrangement of Messrs  
Sclater and Salvin  are as follows    
 
TINAMIN    7 genera    Tinamus   7 sp    Mexico to Paraguay   Nothocercus  
 3 sp    Costa Rica to Venezuela and Ecuador   Crypturus   16 sp    Mexico 
to Paraguay and Bolivia   Rhynchotus   2 sp    Bolivia and South Brazil to 
La Plata   Nothoprocta   4 sp    Ecuador to Bolivia and Chili   Nothura   4 
sp    Brazil and Bolivia to Patagonia   Taoniscus   1 sp    Brazil to 
Paraguay  
 
TINAMOTIN    2 genera     Calodromas   1 sp    La Plata and Patagonia  
 Tinamotis   1 sp    Andes of Peru and Bolivia  
 
 
 General Remarks on the Distribution of Gallin     
 
There are about 400 known species of Gallinaceous birds grouped into 76 
genera  of which no less than 65 are each restricted to a single region  
The Tetraonid   are the only cosmopolitan family  and even these do not 
extend into Temperate South America  and are very poorly represented in 
Australia  The Cracid   and Tinamid   are strictly Neotropical  the 
Megapodiid   almost as strictly Australian  There remains the extensive 
family of the Phasianid    which offers some interesting facts  We have 
first the well marked sub families of the Numidin   and Meleagrin    confined 
to the Ethiopian and Nearctic regions respectively  and we find the 
remaining five sub families  comprising about 60 species  many of them the 
most magnificent of known birds  spread over the Oriental and the 
south eastern portion of the Pal  arctic regions  This restriction is 
remarkable  since there is no apparent cause in climate or vegetation why 
pheasants should not be found wild throughout southern Europe  as they were 
during late Tertiary and Post Tertiary times  We have also to notice the 
remarkable absence of the Pheasant tribe from Hindostan and Ceylon  where 
the peacock and jungle fowl are their sole representatives  These two forms 
also alone extend to Java  whereas in the adjacent islands of Borneo and 
Sumatra we have  Argusianus    Polyplectron   and  Euplocamus   The common 
jungle fowl  the origin of our domestic poultry  is the only  345 species 
which enters the Australian region as far as Celebes and Timor  and another 
species   Gallus   neus   as far as Flores  and it is not improbable that 
these may have been introduced by man and become wild  
 
We have very little knowledge of the extinct forms of Gallin    but what we 
have assures us of their high antiquity  since we find such distinct groups 
as the jungle fowl  partridges  and  Pterocles   represented in Europe in 
the Miocene period  while the Turkey  then as now  appears to have been a 
special American type  
 
 
 Order VI   OPISTHOCOMI   
 
FAMILY 93   OPISTHOCOMID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2                                                                    
                                                               
 
The Hoazin   Opisthocomus cristatus   is the sole representative of this 
family and of the order Opisthocomi  It inhabits the eastern side of 
Equatorial America in Guiana and the Lower Amazon  and at Par   is called 
 Cigana  or gipsy  It is a large  brown  long legged  weakly formed and 
loosely crested bird  having such anomalies of structure that it is 
impossible to class it along with any other family  It is one of those 
survivors  which tell us of extinct groups  of whose past existence we 
should otherwise  perhaps  remain for ever ignorant  
 
 
 Order VII   ACCIPITRES   
 
FAMILY 94   VULTURID     10 Genera  25 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3     1  2  3                 
                                                               
 
 346 Vultures range over all the great continents south of the Arctic 
Circle  being only absent from the Australian region  the Malay Islands  
Ceylon  and Madagascar  The Old and New World forms are very distinct  
belonging to two well marked divisions  often ranked as families  The 
distribution of the genera is as follows    
 
Sub family I  VULTURIN    6 genera  16 species   confined to the Old 
World    Vultur   1 sp    Spain and North Africa through Nepal to China 
north of Ningpo   Gyps   5 sp    Europe south of 59    Africa  except the 
western sub region  India  Siam  and Northern China   Pseudogyps   2 sp    
North east Africa and Senegal  India and Burmah   Otogyps   2 sp    South 
Europe  North east and South Africa  India  and Siam   Lophogyps   1 sp    
North east and South Africa and Senegal   Neophron   4 sp    South Europe  
India and the greater part of Africa  
 
Sub family II  SARCORHAMPHIN    4 genera  9 species   confined to the New 
World    Sarcorhamphus   2 sp     The Condor   Andes of South America  and 
southern extremity below 41   south latitude   Cathartes   1 sp    America 
from 20   south latitude to Trinidad and Mexico   Catharistes   1 sp    
America from 40   north to 40   south latitude  but not on Pacific coast of 
United States   Pseudogryphis   5 sp    South America and Falkland Islands  
and to 49   north latitude in North America  also Cuba and Jamaica  
 
 
FAMILY 95   SERPENTARIID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                      1  2  3                             
                                                               
 
The singular Secretary Bird   Serpentarius   is found over a large part of 
Africa  Its position is uncertain  as it has affinities both with the 
Accipitres  through  Polyboroides      and with  Cariama   which we place 
near the Bustards   Plate IV  Vol  I  p  261   
 
 
 347 FAMILY 96   FALCONID     69 Genera  325 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
The Falconid    including the various groups of Hawks  Kites  Buzzards  
Eagles  and Falcons  are absolutely cosmopolitan  ranging far into the 
arctic zone and visiting the most remote oceanic islands  They are abundant 
in all the great continents and larger islands  preferring open to woody 
regions  They are divided into several sub families  the range of some of 
which are restricted  For this family as well as the preceding I follow the 
arrangement of Mr  Sharpe s  British Museum Catalogue   and shall give the 
approximate distribution of each sub family  as well as of the several 
genera  
 
Sub family I  POLYBORIN    2 genera  10 species   the Neotropical region 
with California and Florida  Tropical and South Africa    Polyborus   2 
sp    South America  and to California and Florida   Ibycter   8 sp    
Tierra del Fuego to Honduras and Guatemala  
 
 Cariama  and  Serpentarius   which Mr  Sharpe puts here  are so anomalous 
that I think it better to class them in separate families  Serpentariid   
among the Accipitres  and Cariamid   near the Bustards  
 
Sub family II  ACCIPITRIN    10 genera  87 
species    Cosmopolitan    Polyboroides   2 sp    Africa and Madagascar  
 Circus   15 sp    Old and New Worlds  widely scattered  but absent from 
Eastern Equatorial America  and the Malay Archipelago except Celebes  
 Micrastur   7 sp    and  Geranospiza   2 sp    Tropical parts of 
Neotropical region   Urotriorchis   1 sp    West Africa   Erythrocnema   1 
sp    Chili and La Plata to California and Texas   Melierax   5 sp    
Africa except West African sub region   Astur   30 sp    cosmopolitan  
except the Temperate South American sub region   348  Nisoides   1 sp    
Madagascar   Eutriorchis   1 sp    Madagascar   Accipiter   23 sp    
cosmopolitan  except Eastern Oceania  
 
Sub family III  BUTEONIN    13 genera  51 sp    cosmopolitan  except the 
Malay and Pacific Islands    Urospizias   1 sp    East and Central 
Australia   Heterospizias   1 sp    Tropical South America east of the 
Andes   Tachytriorchis   2 sp    Paraguay to California   Buteo   18 sp    
cosmopolitan  except the Australian region and the Indo Malayan sub region  
 Archibuteo   4 sp    North America to Mexico and the cooler parts of the 
Pal  arctic region   Buteola   1 sp    Veragua to the Amazon Valley  
 Asturina   7 sp    Paraguay and Bolivia to South east United States  
 Busarellus   1 sp    Brazil to Guiana   Buteogallus   1 sp    Guiana and 
Columbia   Urubutinga   12 sp    South Brazil and Bolivia to Mexico  
 Harpyhali  etus   1 sp    Chili and North Patagonia to Veragua   Morphnus  
 1 sp    Amazonia to Panama   Thrasa  tus   1 sp    Paraguay and Bolivia to 
Mexico  
 
Sub family IV  AQUILIN    31 genera  94 species   cosmopolitan    Gypa  tus  
 2 sp    south of Pal  arctic region from Spain to North China  Abyssinia  
and South Africa   Uroa  tus   1 sp    Australia and Tasmania   Aquila   9 
sp    Nearctic  Pal  arctic  and Ethiopian regions and India   Nisa  tus   4 
sp    Africa and South Europe  India  Ceylon  and Australia  
 Lophotriorchis   2 sp    Indo Malay sub region  and Bogot   in South 
America   Neopus   1 sp    India and Ceylon to Burmah  Java  Celebes and 
Ternate   Spiziastur   1 sp    Guatemala to Brazil   Spiza  tus   10 sp    
Central and South America  Africa  India  and Ceylon  to Celebes and New 
Guinea  Formosa  and Japan   Lophoa  tus   1 sp    all Africa   Asturinula  
 1 sp    Africa  except extreme south   Herpetotheres   1 sp    Bolivia and 
Paraguay to Southern Mexico   Dryotriorchis   1 sp    West Africa  
 Circa  tus   5 sp   Africa to Central Europe  the Indian Peninsula  Timor  
 Spilornis   6 sp    Oriental region and Celebes   Butastur   4 sp    
Oriental region to New Guinea and North east Africa   Helotarsus   2 sp    
Africa south of the Sahara   Hali  etus   7 sp    cosmopolitan  except the 
Neotropical region   Gypohierax   1 sp    West Africa and Zanzibar  
 Haliastur   2 sp    Indian Peninsula to Ceylon  New  349 Caledonia  and 
Australia   Nauclerus      Elanoides    1 sp    Brazil to Southern United 
States   Elanoides      Nauclerus    1 sp    Western and North eastern 
Africa   Milvus   6 sp    the Old World and Australia   Lophoictinia   1 
sp    Australia   Rostrhamus   3 sp    Antilles and Florida to Brazil and 
Peru   Leptodon   4 sp    Central America to South Brazil and Bolivia  
 Gypoictinia   1 sp    South and West Australia   Elanus   5 sp    Africa  
India  and Malay Archipelago to Australia  South America to California  
 Gampsonyx   1 sp    Trinidad to Brazil   Henicopernis   1 sp    Papuan 
Islands   Mach  rhamphus   2 sp    South west Africa  Madagascar  and 
Malacca   Pernis   3 sp    Pal  arctic  Oriental  and Ethiopian regions  
 
Sub family V  FALCONIN    11 genera  80 species   cosmopolitan    Baza   10 
sp    India and Ceylon to the Moluccas and North Australia  West Coast of 
Africa  Natal  and Madagascar   Harpagus   3 sp    Central America to 
Brazil and Peru   Ictinia   2 sp    Brazil to Southern United States  
 Hierax      Microhierax   Sharpe    4 sp    Eastern Himalayas to Borneo 
and Philippines   Poliohierax   2 sp    East Africa and Burmah  
 Spiziapteryx   1 sp    La Plata   Harpa   1 sp    New Zealand and the 
Auckland Islands   Falco   27 sp    cosmopolitan  except the Pacific 
Islands   Hierofalco   6 sp    Nearctic and Pal  arctic regions  
 Hieracidea   2 sp    Australia   Cerchneis   22 sp    cosmopolitan  except 
Oceania  
 
 
FAMILY 97   PANDIONID     2 Genera  3 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
The Pandionid    or Fishing Hawks  are universally distributed  with the 
exception of the Southern Temperate parts of South America  The genera 
are    
 
 Pandion   1 sp    the range of the entire family   Polioa  tus   2 sp    
India through Malay Archipelago to Celebes and Sandwich Islands  
 
 
 350 FAMILY 98   STRIGID     23 Genera  180 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
The Strigid    or Owls  form an extensive and well known family of nocturnal 
birds  which  although invariably placed next the Hawks  are now believed 
to be not very closely allied to the other Accipitres  They range over the 
whole globe  extending to the extreme polar regions and to the remotest 
oceanic islands  Their classification is very unsettled  and we therefore 
place the genera  for convenience  in the order in which they follow each 
other in the  Hand List of Birds   Those adopted by most ornithologists are 
the following    
 
 Surnia   1 sp    the Arctic regions of both hemispheres   Nyctea   1 sp    
South Carolina to Greenland and Northern Europe   Athene   40 sp    the 
Eastern hemisphere to New Zealand and the Solomon Islands   Ninox   7 sp    
the Oriental region  North China and Japan   Glaucidium   7 sp    
Neotropical region  California  and Oregon  Europe to North China  
 Micrathene   1 sp    Mexico and Arizona   Pholeoptynx   2 sp    
Neotropical region  Texas  and North west America   Bubo   16 sp    
universally distributed  excluding the Australian region   Ketupa   3 sp    
the Oriental region  Palestine   Scotopelia   2 sp    West and South 
Africa   Scops   30 sp    universally distributed  excluding Australia and 
Pacific Islands   Gymnoglaux   2 sp    Antilles   Lophostrix   2 sp    
Lower Amazon to Guatemala   Syrnium   22 sp    all regions but the 
Australian   Ciccaba   10 sp    Paraguay to Mexico   Nyctalatinus   1 sp    
Columbia   Pulsatrix   2 sp    Brazil and Peru to Guatemala   Asio   6 
sp    all regions but the Australian  Sandwich Islands   Nyctalops   1 
sp    Cuba and Mexico to Brazil and Monte Video   Pseudoscops   1 sp    
Jamaica   Nyctala   4 sp    the North Temperate zone   Strix   18 sp    
universally distributed   Phodilus   1 sp    Himalayas and Malaya  
 
 351 In Mr  Sharpe s Catalogue  published while this work was passing 
through the press  the genera of Owls are reduced to 19  arranged in two 
families  Strigid    containing our last two genera  and Bubonid    
comprising the remainder  The species are increased to 190  but some genera 
are reduced  as  Strix   which is said to contain only 5 species  
 
 
 General Remarks on the Distribution of the Accipitres   
 
The Birds of Prey are so widely distributed over the world s surface that 
their general distribution calls for few remarks  Of the four families all 
but one are cosmopolites  Vultures alone being absent from the Australian 
region  as well as from Indo Malaya and Madagascar  If we take the 
sub families  we find that each region has several which are confined to 
it  The only parts of the world where there is a marked deficiency of 
Accipitres is in the islands of the Pacific  and it may be noted  as a 
rule  that these birds are more abundant in continents than in islands  
There is not so much difference between the number of Birds of Prey in 
tropical and temperate regions  as is found in most other groups of 
land birds  North America and Europe have about 60 species each  while 
India has about 80  and South America about 120  The total number of 
Accipitres is 550 comprised in 104 genera  and 4  or perhaps more properly 
5  families  In this estimate I have not included the Serpentariid    
containing the Secretary Bird of Africa  as there is some doubt whether it 
really belongs to the Order  
 
 
 Order VIII   GRALL     
 
FAMILY 99   RALLID     18 Genera  153 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
The Rails are among the most widely distributed families of birds  many of 
the genera being cosmopolitan  and several of the  352 species ranging over 
half the globe  They are found in many remote islands  and in some of 
these  as the  Gallinula  of Tristan d Acunha  and the  Notornis  of Lord 
Howe s Island and New Zealand   they have lost the power of flight  The 
classification of the Rallid   is not satisfactory  and the following 
enumeration of the genera must only be taken as affording a provisional 
sketch of the distribution of the group    
 
 Rallus   18 sp     Porzana   24 sp     Gallinula   17 sp    and  Fulica  
 10 sp    have a world wide range   Ortygometra   1 sp    ranges over the 
whole North Temperate zone   Porphyrio   14 sp    is more especially 
Oriental and Australian  but occurs also in South America  in Africa  and 
in South Europe   Eulabeornis   15 sp    is Ethiopian  Malayan  and 
Australian   Himantornis   1 sp    is West African only   Aramides   24 
sp    is North and South American   Rallina   16 sp    is Oriental  but 
ranges eastward to Papua   Habroptila   1 sp    is confined to the 
Moluccas   Pareudiastes   1 sp    the Samoa Islands   Tribonyx   4 sp    is 
Australian  and has recently been found also in New Zealand   Ocydromus   4 
sp     Notornis   2 sp     Plate XIII  Vol  I  p  455   and  Cabalus   1 
sp    are peculiar to the New Zealand group  
 
The sub family  Heliornithin    sometimes classed as a distinct family  
consists of 2 genera   Heliornis   1 sp    confined to the Neotropical 
region  and  Podica   4 sp    the Ethiopian region excluding Madagascar  
and with a species  perhaps forming another genus  in Borneo  
 
 Extinct Rallid      Remains of some species of this family have been found 
in the Mascarene Islands  and historical evidence shows that they have 
perhaps been extinct little more than a century  They belong to the genus 
 Fulica   and to two extinct genera   Aphanapteryx  and  Erythromachus   
The  Aphanapteryx  was a large bird of a reddish colour  with loose 
plumage  and perhaps allied to  Ocydromus    Erythromachus  was much 
smaller  of a grey and white colour  and is said to have lived chiefly on 
the eggs of the land tortoises   See  Ibis   1869  p  256  and  Proc  Zool  
Soc    1875  p  40   
 
 
 353 FAMILY 100   SCOLOPACID     21 Genera  121 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
The Scolopacid    comprehending the Snipes  Sandpipers  Curlews  and allied 
genera  are perhaps as truly cosmopolitan as any family of birds  ranging 
to the extreme north and visiting the remotest islands  The genera of 
universal distribution are the following    
 
 Numenius   16 sp     Limosa   6 sp     Totanus   12 sp     Tringoides    6 
sp     Himantopus   6 sp     Tringa   20 sp    and  Gallinago   24 sp    
Those which have a more or less restricted distribution are    
 
 Ibidorhyncha   1 sp    Central Asia and the Himalayas  Plate VII  Vol  I  
p  331    Helodromas   1 sp    Pal  arctic region and North India   Terekia  
 1 sp    East Pal  arctic  wandering to India and Australia   Recurvirostra  
 6 sp    Nearctic region to the High Andes  South Pal  arctic  East and 
South Africa  Hindostan and Australia   Micropelama   1 sp    North America 
to Chili   Machetes   1 sp    Pal  arctic region and Hindostan  Plate I  
Vol  I  p  195    Ereunetes   3 sp    Nearctic and Neotropical  
 Eurinorhynchus   1 sp    North east Asia and Bengal   Calidris   1 sp    
all regions but Australian   Macrorhamphus   3 sp    Pal  arctic and 
Nearctic  visits Brazil and India   Scolopax   4 sp    the whole Pal  arctic 
region  to India  Java  and Australia   Philohela   1 sp    East Nearctic  
 Rhynch  a   4 sp    Ethiopian and Oriental  Australia  and Temperate South 
America   Phalaropus   3 sp    North Temperate zone  and West Coast of 
America to Chili  
 
 
 354 FAMILY 101   CHIONIDID     1 Genus  2 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1                                                                       
                                                               
 
The Sheath bills   Chionis   2 sp    are curious white birds  whose thick 
bill has a horny sheath at the base  Their nearest ally is  H  matopus   a 
genus of Charadriid    These birds are confined to the Antarctic Islands  
especially the Falkland Islands  the Crozets and Kerguelen s Land  
 
 
FAMILY 102   THINOCORID     2 Genera  6 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1                                                                       
                                                               
 
The Thinocorid    or Quail snipes  are small birds  confined to Temperate 
South America  They have much the appearance of Quails but are more nearly 
allied to Plovers  The two genera are    
 
 Attagis   4 sp    Falkland Islands  Straits of Magellan  Chili  Bolivia  
and the High Andes of Peru and Ecuador   Thinocorus   2 sp    La Plata  
Chili  and Peru   Plate XVI  Vol  II  p  40   
 
 
FAMILY 103   PARRID     2 Genera  11 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3                             1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2       
                                                               
 
 355 The Parrid    or Jacanas  are remarkable long toed birds  often of 
elegant plumage  frequenting swamps and marshes  and walking on the 
floating leaves of aquatic plants  They are found in all the tropics  
 Parra   10 sp    has the distribution of the family   Hydrophasianus   1 
sp    is confined to the Oriental region  
 
 
FAMILY 104   GLAREOLID     3 Genera  20 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                          1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2       
                                                               
 
This family  comprising the Pratincoles and Coursers  is universally 
distributed over the Old World and to Australia  
 
 Glareola   9 sp    has the distribution of the family   Pluvianus   1 
sp    is confined to North Africa   Cursorius   10 sp    ranges over 
Africa  South Europe and India  
 
The position of the genus  Glareola  is uncertain  for though generally 
classed here  Prof  Lilljeborg considers it to be an aberrant form of the 
Caprimulgid    It differs  in its insectivorous habits and in many points of 
external structure  from all its allies  and should probably form a 
distinct family  
 
 
FAMILY 105   CHARADIID     19 Genera  101 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
The extensive family of the Plovers and their numerous allies  ranges over 
the whole globe  The genera now usually admitted into this family are the 
following    
 
 Oedicnemus   9 sp    is only absent from North America     sacus   2 sp    
India to Ceylon  Malay Islands and Australia   356  Vanellus   3 sp    
Pal  arctic and Neotropical regions   Ch  tusia   15 sp    the whole Eastern 
Hemisphere   Erythrogonys   1 sp    Australia   Hoplopterus   10 sp    
widely scattered  but absent from North America   Squatarola   1 sp   all 
the regions   Charadrius   14 sp    cosmopolitan   Eudromias   5 sp    
Eastern Hemisphere and South Temperate America     gialitis   22 sp    
cosmopolitan   Oreophilus   1 sp    South Temperate America   Thinornis   2 
sp    New Zealand   Anarhynchus   1 sp    New Zealand  Plate XIII  Vol I  
p  455    H  matopus   9 sp    cosmopolitan   Strepsilas   2 sp   almost 
cosmopolitan   Aphriza   1 sp    West Coast of America   Pluvianellus   1 
sp    Straits of Magellan   Dromas   1 sp    India  Madagascar  and 
North east Africa   Pedionomus   1 sp    Australia  This last genus has 
usually been placed with the Turnicid    
 
 
FAMILY 106   OTIDID     2 Genera  26 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                          1  2  3  4  1  2  3     1  2  3        2       
                                                               
 
The Otidid    or Bustards  occur in all parts of the Old World and Australia 
where there are open tracts  being only absent from Madagascar and the 
Malay Archipelago  
 
 Otis   2 sp    ranges over most of the Pal  arctic region  while 
 Eupodotis   24 sp    has the range of the family  but is most abundant in 
the Ethiopian region  which contains three fourths of the whole number of 
species  
 
 
FAMILY 107   GRUID     3 Genera  16 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
              1  2  3     1  2  3  4  1  2  3     1  2  3        2       
                                                               
 
 357 The Gruid    or Cranes  are found in all the regions except the 
Neotropical  
 
 Grus   12 sp   inhabits the southern and western United States  the whole 
Pal  arctic region  South east Africa  India  and Australia   Anthropoides  
 2 sp    Europe  North and South Africa and India   Balearica   2 sp    the 
Ethiopian region  except Madagascar   
 
 
FAMILY 108   CARIAMID     1 Genus  2 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2                                                                    
                                                               
 
The genus  Cariama   2 sp    consists of remarkable crested birds 
inhabiting the mountains and open plains of Brazil and La Plata  In the 
British Museum Catalogue of the Birds of Prey  they are classed as aberrant 
Falconid    but their anomalous characters seem to require them to be placed 
in a distinct family  which seems better placed among the Waders  
 
 
FAMILY 109   ARAMID     1 Genus  2 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3  4                                                              
                                                               
 
The Guara  nas are birds which have somewhat the appearance of Herons  but 
which are usually classed with the Rails  They are now  however  considered 
to form a distinct family  The only genus   Aramus   2 sp    inhabits the 
Neotropical region  from Mexico and Cuba to Central Brazil  
 
 
 358 FAMILY 110   PSOPHIID     1 Genus  6 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2                                                                    
                                                               
 
The remarkable and beautiful birds called Trumpeters  are confined to the 
various parts of the Amazon valley  and it is an interesting fact  that the 
range of each species appears to be bounded by some of the great rivers  
Thus   Psophia crepitans  inhabits the interior of Guiana as far as the 
south bank of the Rio Negro  on the opposite or north bank of the Rio Negro 
 Psophia ochroptera  is found  beyond the next great rivers  Japura and 
I  a   Psophia napensis  occurs  on the south bank of the Amazon  west of 
the Madeira  we have the beautiful  Psophia leucoptera   east of the 
Madeira this is replaced by  Psophia viridis   while near Par    beyond the 
Tapajoz  Xingu and Tocantins  there is another species   Psophia obscura   
Other species may exist in the intervening river districts  but we have 
here  apparently  a case of a number of well marked species of birds 
capable of flight  yet with their range in certain directions accurately 
defined by great rivers   Plate XV  Vol  II  p  28   
 
 
FAMILY 111   EURYPYGID     1 Genus  2 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3                                                                 
                                                               
 
The Eurypygid    or Sun Bitterns  are small heron like birds with 
beautifully coloured wings  which frequent the muddy and wooded river banks 
of tropical America  The only genus   Eurypyga   2 sp    ranges from 
Central America to Brazil  
 
 
 359 FAMILY 112   RHINOCHETID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
        3                                                                 
                                                               
 
The genus  Rhinochetus   1 sp    consists of a singular bird called the 
Kagu  which inhabits New Caledonia  an island which may be placed with 
almost equal propriety in our 1st  2nd  or 3rd Australian sub regions  It 
is a bird of a bluish ash colour  with a loose plumage  partaking something 
of the appearance of Rail  Plover  and Heron  but with peculiarities of 
structure which require it to be placed in a distinct family  Its anatomy 
shows that its nearest allies are the South American genera   Eurypyga  and 
 Psophia   
 
 
FAMILY 113   ARDEID     5 Genera  80 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
The well known Herons and Bitterns are found in every part of the globe  
and everywhere closely resemble each other  Omitting the minuter 
sub divisions  the genera are as follows    
 
 Ardea   60 sp    cosmopolitan   Botaurus   6 sp    almost cosmopolitan  
 Tigrisoma   4 sp    Tropical America and West Africa   Nycticorax   9 
sp    cosmopolitan   Cancroma   1 sp    Tropical America  
 
 
 360 FAMILY 114   PLATALEID     6 Genera  30 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2       
                                                               
 
The Plataleid    including the Spoonbills and Ibises  have been classed 
either with the Herons or the Storks  but have most affinity with the 
latter  Though not very numerous they are found over the greater part of 
the globe  except the colder zones and the Pacific Islands  The following 
is the distribution of the genera    
 
 Platalea   6 sp    all the warmer parts of the globe except the Moluccas 
and Pacific Islands   Ibis   2 sp    Temperate North America and Tropical 
South America   Falcinellus   2 sp    almost cosmopolitan   Geronticus   19 
sp    all Tropical countries and Temperate South America   Scopus   1 sp    
Tropical and South Africa   Bal  niceps   1 sp    the Upper Nile  This last 
genus the  Shoe bird   or boat billed heron  perhaps forms a distinct 
family  
 
 
FAMILY 115   CICONIID     5 Genera  20 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3           3     1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2       
                                                               
 
The Ciconiid    or Storks  are mostly an Old World family  only three 
species inhabiting the Neotropical  and one  the Nearctic region  They are 
also absent from the islands of the Pacific  the Antilles  and  with one 
exception  from Madagascar  The genera are as follows    
 
 Ciconia   6 sp    ranges through the Pal  arctic  Ethiopian and 
 361 Oriental regions as far as Celebes  and in South America   Mycteria  
 4 sp    inhabits Africa  India  Australia and the Neotropical region  
 Leptopiltus   3 sp    the Ethiopian and Oriental regions to Java  
 Tantalus   5 sp    the Ethiopian  Oriental and Neotropical regions  and 
the South east of North America   Anastomus   2 sp    the Ethiopian region  
and India to Ceylon  
 
 
FAMILY 116   PALAMEDEID     2 Genera  3 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2                                                                    
                                                               
 
The Palamedeid    or Screamers  are curious semi aquatic birds of doubtful 
affinities  perhaps intermediate between Gallin   and Anseres  They are 
peculiar to South America  The genera are    
 
 Palamedea   1 sp    which inhabits the Amazon valley   Chauna   2 sp    La 
Plata  Brazil and Columbia  
 
 
FAMILY 117   PHOENICOPTERID     1 Genus  8 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
   1    3  4                 2        1  2  3  4  1  2                    
                                                               
 
The Flamingoes   Phoenicopterus   seem peculiar to the Ethiopian and 
Neotropical regions  ranging from the former into India and South Europe  
America has four species  inhabiting Chili and La Plata  the Galapagos  
Mexico and the West Indian islands  the others range over all Africa  South 
Europe  India and Ceylon  These singular birds are placed by some authors 
near the Spoonbills and Ibises  by others with the Geese  Professor Huxley 
considers them to be  completely  362 intermediate between the Anserine 
birds on the one side and the Storks and Herons on the other   The 
pterolysis according to Nitzsch is  completely stork like   
 
 
 General Remarks on the Distribution of the Grall    or Wading and Running 
Birds   
 
The Waders  as a rule  are birds of very wide distribution  the four 
largest families Rallid    Scolopacid    Charadriid   and Ardeid    being quite 
cosmopolitan  as are many of the genera  But there are also a number of 
small families of very restricted distribution  and these all occur in the 
two most isolated regions  the Neotropical and the Australian  The 
Neotropical region is by far the richest in varied forms of Waders  having 
representatives of no less than 15 out of the 19 families  while 7 are 
altogether peculiar to it  The Australian region has 11 families  with 1 
peculiar  The other two tropical regions each possess 11 families  but none 
are peculiar  The Pal  arctic region has 10  and the Nearctic 7 families  No 
less than three families  Chionidid    Thinocorid    and Cariamid    are 
confined to the Temperate regions and highlands of South America  while 
four others   Aramid    Psophiid    Eurypygid   and Palamedeid     are found in 
Tropical America only  and these present such an array of peculiar and 
interesting forms as no other part of the globe can furnish  The 
Phoenicopterid   or Flamingoes  common to the Tropical regions of Asia  
Africa and America  but absent from Australia  is the only other feature of 
general interest presented by the distribution of the Waders  
 
The Order contains about 610 species  which gives about 32 species to each 
family  a smaller average than in the Gallin   or Accipitres  and only about 
one fourth of the average number in the Passeres  This is partly due to the 
unusual number of very small families  and partly to the wide average range 
of the species  which prevents that specialization of forms that occurs in 
the more sedentary groups of birds  
 
 
 363  Order IX   ANSERES   
 
FAMILY 118   ANATID     40 Genera  180 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
The Anatid    comprehending the Ducks  Geese  and Swans with their allies  
are of such universal distribution that there is probably no part of the 
globe where some of them are not occasionally found  They are  however  
most abundant in temperate and cold regions  and  contrary to what occurs 
in most other families  the most beautifully coloured species are 
extra tropical  and some even arctic  The distribution of the genera is as 
follows    
 
 Anseranas   1 sp    Australia   Plectropterus   2 sp    Tropical Africa  
 Sarkidiornis   1 sp    South America  Africa  and India   Chenalopex   1 
sp    Amazonia   Callochen   1 sp    South Europe  North  East  and South 
Africa   Cereopsis   1 sp    Australia   Anser   13 sp    Pal  arctic and 
Nearctic regions to Central America and the Antilles   Bernicla   12 sp    
Temperate regions of the Northern and Southern Hemispheres   Chloephaga   5 
sp    South Temperate America and Aleutian Islands   Nettapus   4 sp    
Tropical Africa and Madagascar  India and Ceylon to Malaya and Australia  
 Cygnus   10 sp    Temperate regions of the Northern and Southern 
Hemispheres   Dendrocygna   10 sp    Tropical and sub tropical regions  
 Tadorna   3 sp    Pal  arctic and Australian regions   Casarca   5 sp    
Pal  arctic  Oriental  Ethiopian  and Australian regions  to New Zealand  
 Aix   2 sp    Temperate North America and Eastern Asia   Mareca   4 sp    
Pal  arctic region  North America  Temperate South America  and Australia  
 Dafila   3 sp    all America and the Pal  arctic region   Anas   16 sp    
cosmopolitan   Querquedula   17 sp     364 cosmopolitan   Chaulelasmus   2 
sp    Pal  arctic region and North America   Spatula   5 sp    all Temperate 
regions   Malacorhynchus   1 sp    Australia   Cairina   1 sp    Tropical 
South America   Branta   1 sp    Pal  arctic region and India   Fuligula   5 
sp    North Temperate regions and New Zealand     thya   5 sp    Pal  arctic 
and Nearctic regions  India  Australia  and South Africa   Metopiana   1 
sp    South Temperate America   Bucephala   4 sp    Nearctic and Pal  arctic 
regions   Harelda   2 sp    Northern Pal  artic and Nearctic regions  
 Hymenolaimus   1 sp    New Zealand   Camptolaimus   1 sp    North east of 
North America   Micropterus   1 sp    Temperate South America   Somateria  
 5 sp    Arctic and sub arctic regions   Oedemia   5 sp    Nearctic and 
Pal  arctic regions   Biziura   1 sp    Australia   Thalassornis   1 sp    
South Africa   Erismatura   6 sp    all America  South east Europe and 
South Africa   Nesonetta   1 sp    Auckland Islands   Merganetta   3 sp    
Andes of Columbia to Chili   Mergus   6 sp    Pal  arctic and Nearctic 
regions  Brazil  and the Auckland Islands  
 
 
FAMILY 119   LARID     13 Genera  132 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
The Larid    or Gulls and Terns  are true cosmopolites  inhabiting the 
shores and islands of every zone  and most of the genera have also a wide 
range  They are therefore of little use in the study of geographical 
distribution  The genera are as follows    
 
 Stercorarius   6 sp    cosmopolitan  most abundant in cold and temperate 
zones   Rhodostethia   1 sp   North America   Larus   60 sp    
cosmopolitan   Xema   1 sp    North Temperate zone   Creagrus   1 sp    
North Pacific   Pagophila   1 sp    Arctic seas   Rissa   3 sp    Arctic 
and Northern seas   Sterna   36 sp    cosmopolitan   Hydrochelidon   12 
sp    Tropical and Temperate zones   365  Gygis   1 sp    Indian Ocean and 
Tropical Pacific Islands   Anous   6 sp    Tropical and Temperate zones  
 N  nia   1 sp    South Temperate America   Rhynchops   3 sp    Tropical 
America  Africa  and India  
 
 
FAMILY 120   PROCELLARIID     6 Genera  96 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
The Procellariid    comprising the Shearwaters  Petrels  and Albatrosses  
are universally distributed  but some of the genera are local  
 
 Puffinus   20 sp     Procellaria   18 sp    and  Fulmarus   40 sp    are 
cosmopolitan   Prion   5 sp   and  Pelecanoides   3 sp    belong to the 
South Temperate and Antarctic regions   Diomedia   10 sp    comprises the 
Albatrosses  which are tropical  occasionally wandering into temperate 
seas  
 
 
FAMILY 121   PELECANID     6 Genera  61 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
The Pelecanid    comprising the Gannets  Pelicans  Darters  and 
Frigate Birds  although universally distributed  are more abundant in 
tropical and temperate regions  
 
 Sula   8 sp   and  Phalacrocorax   35 sp    are cosmopolitan   Pelecanus  
 9 sp   is tropical and temperate   Fregetta   2 sp   and  Phaeton   3 sp   
are confined to Tropical seas   Ptotus   4 sp   to Tropical and warm 
Temperate zones  
 
 
 366 FAMILY 122   SPHENISCID     3 Genera  18 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2                                      3                     2    4 
                                                               
 
The Penguins are entirely confined to the Antarctic and South Temperate 
regions  except two species which are found on the coast of Peru and the 
Galapagos  They are most plentiful in the southern parts of South America  
Australia  New Zealand  and most of the Antarctic islands  and one or two 
species are found at the Cape of Good Hope  The genera as given in the 
 Hand List  are    
 
 Spheniscus   1 sp    South Africa and Cape Horn   Eudyptes   15 sp    with 
the range of the family   Aptenodytes   2 sp    Antarctic Islands  
 
 
FAMILY 123   COLYMBID     1 Genus  4 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                       4   1    3  4                                      
                                                               
 
The Northern Divers are confined to the Arctic and North Temperate Seas  
The only genus   Colymbus   has one species confined to the West Coast of 
North America  the others being common to the two northern continents  
 
 
FAMILY 124   PODICIPID     2 Genera  33 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
 367 The Grebes are universally distributed  The genera are  Podiceps   26 
sp    cosmopolitan  and  Podilymbus   2 sp    confined to North and South 
America  Some ornithologists group these birds with the Colymbid    
 
 
FAMILY 125   ALCID     7 Genera  28 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
               1       4   1    3  4                                      
                                                               
 
The Alcid    comprising the Auks  Guillemots  and Puffins  are confined to 
the North Temperate and Arctic regions  where they represent the Penguins 
of the Antarctic lands  One of the most remarkable of these birds  the 
Great Auk  formerly abundant in the North Atlantic  is now extinct  The 
genera are as follows    
 
 Alca   2 sp    North Atlantic and Arctic seas   Fratercula   4 sp    
Arctic and North Temperate zones   Ceratorhina   2 sp    North Pacific  
 Simorhynchus   8 sp    North Pacific   Brachyrhamphus   3 sp    North 
Pacific to Japan and Lower California   Uria   8 sp    Arctic and North 
Temperate zones   Mergulus   1 sp    North Atlantic and Arctic Seas  The 
last three genera constitute the family Uriid    of some ornithologists  
 
 
 General Remarks on the Distribution of the Anseres   
 
The Anseres  or Swimmers  being truly aquatic birds  possess  as might be 
expected  a large number of cosmopolitan families and genera  No less than 
5 out of the 8 families have a world wide distribution  and the others are 
characteristic either of the North or the South Temperate zones  Hence 
arises a peculiarity of distribution to be found in no other order of 
birds  the Temperate being richer than the Tropical regions  The Nearctic 
and Pal  arctic regions each have seven families of Anseres  two of which  
the Colymbid   and Alcid    are peculiar to them  The Ethiopian  Australian  
and Neotropical regions  which all  368 extend into the South Temperate 
zone  have six families  with one peculiar to them  while the Oriental 
region  which is wholly tropical  possesses the five cosmopolitan families 
only  
 
There are about 78 genera and 552 species of Anseres  giving 69 species to 
a family  a high number compared with the Waders  and due to there being 
only one very small family  the Colymbid    The distribution of the Anseres  
being more determined by temperature than by barriers  the great regions 
which are so well indicated by the genera and families of most other orders 
of birds  hardly limit these  except in the case of the genera of Anatid    
 
 
 Order X   STRUTHIONES   
 
FAMILY 126   STRUTHIONID     2 Genera  4 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1                          2         1    3                             
                                                               
 
The Ostriches consist of two genera  sometimes formed into distinct 
families   Struthio   2 sp   inhabits the desert regions of North  East  
and South Africa  as well as Arabia and Syria  It therefore just enters the 
Pal  arctic region   Rhea   3 sp   inhabits Temperate South America  from 
Patagonia to the confines of Brazil  
 
 
FAMILY 127   CASUARIID     2 Genera  11 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                              1  2       
                                                               
 
The Cassowaries and Emeus are confined to the Australian region  The Emeus  
 Drom  us   2 sp    are found only on the  369 main land of Australia  Plate 
XII  Vol  I  p  441    Casuarius   9 sp   inhabits the islands from Ceram 
to New Britain  with one species in North Australia  it is most abundant in 
the Papuan Islands  
 
 
FAMILY 128   APTERYGID     1 Genus  4 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                                       4 
                                                               
 
The species of  Apteryx  are entirely confined to the two larger islands of 
New Zealand  They are supposed to have some remote affinity with 
 Ocydromus   a genus of Rails peculiar to Australia and New Zealand  but 
they undoubtedly form one of the most remarkable groups of living birds 
 Plate XIII  Vol  I  p  445   
 
 
 Struthious Birds recently extinct   
 
A number of sub fossil remains of birds  mostly large and some of gigantic 
size  having affinities to the  Apteryx  and  less closely  to the 
Cassowaries  have been discovered in New Zealand  These are all classed by 
Professor Owen in the genus  Dinornis  and family  Dinornithid     but Dr  
Haast  from the study of the rich collections in the Canterbury  New 
Zealand  Museum  is convinced that they belong to two distinct families and 
several genera  His arrangement is as follows   See  Ibis   1874  p  209   
 
 
FAMILY 129   DINORNITHID     2 Genera  7 Species   
 
 Dinornis   5 sp     Meionornis   2 sp    
 
These had no hind toe  and include the largest species  Professor Newton 
thinks that they were absolutely wingless  being the only birds in which 
the fore limbs are entirely wanting  
 
 
 370 FAMILY 130   PALAPTERYGID     2 Genera  4 Species   
 
 Palapteryx   2 sp     Euryapteryx   2 sp    
 
These had a well developed hind toe  and rudimentary wings  
 
 
FAMILY 131     PYORNITHID     1 Genus  3 Species   
 
A gigantic Struthious bird     pyornis    belonging to a distinct family  
inhabited Madagascar  
 
It was first made known by its enormous eggs  eight times the bulk of those 
of the ostrich  which were found in a sub fossil condition  Considerable 
portions of skeletons have since been discovered  showing that these huge 
birds formed an altogether peculiar family of the order  
 
 
 General Remarks on the Distribution of the Struthiones   
 
With the exception of the Ostrich  which has spread northward into the 
Pal  arctic region  the Struthious birds  living and extinct  are confined 
to the Southern hemisphere  each continent having its peculiar forms  It is 
a remarkable fact that the two most nearly allied genera   Struthio  and 
 Rhea   should be found in Africa and South Temperate America respectively  
Equally remarkable is the development of these large forms of wingless 
birds in Australia and the adjacent islands  and especially in New Zealand  
where we have evidence which renders it probable that about 20 species 
recently coexisted  This points to the conclusion that New Zealand must  
not long since  have formed a much more extensive land  and that the 
diminution of its area by subsidence has been one of the causes  and 
perhaps the main one  in bringing about the extinction of many of the 
larger species of these wingless birds  
 
The wide distribution of the Struthiones may  as we have already suggested 
 Vol  I   p  287    be best explained  by supposing them to represent a 
very ancient type of bird  developed at a time when the more specialized 
carnivorous mammalia had  371 not come into existence  and preserved only 
in those areas which were long free from the incursions of such dangerous 
enemies  The discovery of Struthious remains in Europe in the Lower Eocene 
only  supports this view  for at this time carnivora were few and of 
generalized type  and had probably not acquired sufficient speed and 
activity to enable them to exterminate powerful and quick running 
terrestrial birds  It is  however  at a much more remote epoch that we may 
expect to find the remains of the earlier forms of this group  while these 
Eocene birds may perhaps represent that ancestral wide spread type which  
when isolated in remoter continents and islands  became modified into the 
American and African ostriches  the Emeus and Cassowaries of Australia  the 
 Dinornis  and    pyornis  of New Zealand  
 
 
 
 
 372 CHAPTER XIX  
 
THE DISTRIBUTION OF THE FAMILIES AND GENERA OF REPTILES AND AMPHIBIA  
 
 
 
REPTILIA  
 
 Order I   OPHIDIA   
 
FAMILY 1   TYPHLOPID      4 Genera  70 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3  4                  2    4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2       
                                                               
 
The Typhlopid    or Blind Burrowing Snakes  are widely scattered over the 
warmer regions of the earth  but are most abundant in the Oriental and 
Australian regions  and least so in the Neotropical  They are absent from 
the Nearctic region  and in the Pal  arctic are found only in South eastern 
Europe and Japan  
 
The most extensive genus is  Typhlops   comprising over 60 species  and 
having a range almost as extensive as the entire family  The other well 
characterised genera are    
 
 Typhlina   1 sp    ranging from Penang to Java and Hong Kong   Typhline  
 1 sp    the Cape of Good Hope   Dibamus   1 sp    New Guinea  
 
 
 373 FAMILY 2   TORTRICID     3 Genera  5 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3     1                                   1  2  3  4  1          
                                                               
 
The Tortricid    or Short tailed Burrowing Snakes  are a small family  one 
portion of which ranges from India to Cambodja  and through the Malay 
islands as far as Celebes and Timor  these form the genus  Cylindrophis   
Another portion inhabits America  and consists of    
 
 Charina   1 sp    found in California and British Columbia  and  Tortrix  
 1 sp    in Tropical America  
 
We have here a case of discontinuous distribution  indicating  either very 
imperfect knowledge of the group  or that it is the remnant of a once 
extensive family  on the road to extinction  
 
 
FAMILY 3   XENOPELTID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                        3  4  1          
                                                               
 
The curious nocturnal carnivorous Snake  forming the genus  Xenopeltis   
and the sole representative of this family  ranges from Penang to Cambodja  
and through the Malay Islands to Celebes  
 
 
FAMILY 4   UROPELTID     5 Genera  18 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                     2                    
                                                               
 
 374 The Uropeltid    or Rough tailed Burrowing Snakes  are strictly 
confined to Ceylon and the adjacent parts of Southern India  and would 
almost alone serve to mark out our second Oriental sub region  The genera 
are    
 
 Rhinophis   7 sp    Ceylon   Uropeltis   1 sp    Ceylon   Silybura   8 
sp    Anamally Hills and Neilgherries   Plecturus   3 sp    Neilgherries 
and Madras  and  Melanophidium   1 sp    the Wynand  
 
 
FAMILY 5   CALAMARIID     32 Genera  75 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3        2        1  2  3     1  2  3  4  1  2       
                                                               
 
The Calamariid    or Dwarf Ground Snakes  are found in all warm parts of the 
globe  extending north into the United States as far as British Columbia 
and Lake Superior  but they are absent from the Pal  arctic region  with the 
exception of a species found in Persia  The species are in a very confused 
state  The best characterised genera are the following    
 
 Calamaria   20 sp    Persia  India to Java and the Philippine Islands  
Celebes  and New Guinea   Rhabdosoma   18 sp    Mexico and South America  
and also the Malay Islands as far east as Amboyna  Timor  and New Guinea  
 Typhlocalamus   1 sp    Borneo   Macrocalamus   1 sp    India   Aspidura  
 3 sp    India and Ceylon   Haplocerus   1 sp    Ceylon   Streptophorus   3 
sp    Central and South America   with a host of others of less importance 
or ill defined  
 
 
FAMILY 6   OLIGODONTID     4 Genera  40 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3           3              4              1  2  3  4              
                                                               
 
 375 The Oligodontid   are a small family of Ground Snakes which have been 
separated from the Calamariid    and  with the exception of a few species  
are confined to the Oriental region  The best characterised genera are    
 
 Oligodon   12 sp    India  Ceylon  and Philippines  and   Simotes   24 
sp    India to China and Borneo  In addition to these   Achalinus  is 
founded on a single species from Japan  and  Teleolepis  consists of three 
species from North and South America  
 
 
FAMILY 7   COLUBRID     50 Genera  270 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2       
                                                               
 
The Colubrine Snakes are universally distributed over the globe  and they 
reach the extreme northern limits of the order  They are  however  almost 
absent from Australia  being there represented only by a few species of 
 Tropidonotus  and  Coronella  in the northern and eastern districts  This 
great family consists of four divisions or sub families  the Coronellin   
 20 genera  100 species   the Colubrin    16 genera  70 species   the 
Dryadin    7 genera  50 species   and the Natricin    7 genera  50 species   
The more important genera of Colubrid   are the following    
 
 Ablabes    Coronella    Ptyas    Coluber   and  Tropidonotus   all have a 
very wide distribution  but the two last are absent from South America  
although  Tropidonotus  reaches Guatemala   Tomodon    Xenodon    Liopis   
 Stenorhina    Erythrolampus    Elapochrus    Callirhinus    Enophrys   and 
 Dromicus   are confined to the Neotropical region   Hypsirhynchus   
 Cryptodacus    Jaltris   and  Coloragia   are confined to the West Indian 
Islands   Chilomeniscus    Conophis    Pituophis   and  Ischcognathus   to 
North America  the latter going as far south as Guatemala   Compsosoma   
 Zamenis    Zaocys    Atretium    Xenochrophys   and  Herpetoreas   are 
peculiarly Oriental  but  Zamenis  extends into South Europe  
 376  Lytorhynchus    Rhamnophis    Herpetethiops  and  Grayia   are 
Ethiopian   Rhinechis  is peculiar to Europe   Megablabes  to Celebes  and 
 Styporhynchus  to Gilolo   Cyclophis   is found in the Oriental region  
Japan  and North America   Spilotes   in the Nearctic and Neotropical 
regions   Xenelaphis  in the Oriental  Ethiopian  and Pal  arctic regions  
 Philodryas    Heterodon  and  Herpetodryas  in America and Madagascar  the 
latter genus being also found in China  
 
 
FAMILY 8   HOMALOPSID     24 Genera  50 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
   1    3           3        2  3  4     2        1  2  3  4  1  2       
                                                               
 
The Homalopsid    or Fresh water Snakes  have been separated from the 
Hydrid   by Dr  G  nther  and they include some groups which have been 
usually classed with the Natricin    They are especially characteristic of 
the Oriental region  where considerably more than half the genera and 
species are found  next comes the Neotropical region which has 6 species  
while none of the other regions have more than 4 or 5  It is to be observed 
that the Ethiopian species occur in West Africa only  and mostly constitute 
peculiar genera  so that in this family the separation of the Ethiopian and 
Oriental regions is very well marked  The best characterised genera of the 
family are the following    
 
 Cantoria   10 sp    ranging from Europe to Japan  the Philippines  and 
Timor  with one species in Guinea   Hypsirhina   6 sp    Bengal  China  and 
Borneo   Fordonia   3 sp    Rangoon to Borneo and Timor   Homalopsis   2 
sp    Cambodja to Java   Cerberus   2 sp    Ceylon and Siam  the Malay 
Islands  New Guinea  and North Australia   Herpeton   1 sp    Siam  
 Ferania   1 sp    Bengal to Penang   Pythonopsis   1 sp    Borneo   Myron  
 2 sp    India and North Australia   Homalophis   1 sp    Borneo  
 Hipistes   1 sp    Penang   Xenodermus   1 sp    Java   Neusterophis  and 
 Limnophis   with one species each  are peculiar to West  377 Africa  
 Helicops   2 sp    North and South America   Farancia  and  Dimodes   with 
one species each  are from New Orleans  and a few others imperfectly known 
from Tropical America  
 
 
FAMILY 9   PSAMMOPHID     5 Genera  20 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                             2        1  2  3  4   1    3  4              
                                                               
 
The Psammophid    or Desert Snakes  are a small group characteristic of the 
Ethiopian and Oriental regions  but more abundant in the former  The 
distribution of the genera is as follows    
 
 Psammophis   16 sp    ranges from West Africa to Persia and Calcutta  
 Coelopeltis   1 sp    North and West Africa   Mimophis   1 sp    
Madagascar   Psammodynastes   2 sp    Sikhim to Cochin China  Borneo and 
the Philippine Islands  and  Dromophis   1 sp    Tropical Africa  
 
 
FAMILY 10   RACHIODONTID     1 Genus  2 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                         2  3                             
                                                               
 
The Rachiodontid   are a small and very isolated group of snakes of doubtful 
affinities  The only genus   Dasypeltis   2 sp    is confined to West and 
South Africa  
 
 
 378 FAMILY 11   DENDROPHID     7 Genera  35 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4                          1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2       
                                                               
 
The Dendrophid    or Tree Snakes  are found in all the Tropical regions  but 
are most abundant in the Oriental  The genera are distributed as follows    
 
 Dendrophis  ranges from India and Ceylon to the Pelew Islands and North 
Australia  and has one species in West Africa   Ah  tulla  is almost equally 
divided between Tropical Africa and Tropical America   Gonyosoma  ranges 
from Persia to Java and the Philippines   Chrysopelea  is found in India  
Borneo  the Philippines  Amboyna  and Mysol   Hapsidrophis  and 
 Bucephalus  are confined to Tropical Africa  and  Ithycyphus   1 sp    is 
peculiar to Madagascar  
 
 
FAMILY 12   DRYIOPHID     5 Genera  15 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3                                 2    4  1  2  3  4  1          
                                                               
 
The Dryiophid    or Whip Snakes  are a very well characterised family of 
slender  green coloured  arboreal serpents  found in the three tropical 
regions but absent from Australia  although they just enter the Australian 
region in the island of Celebes  In Africa they are confined to the West 
Coast and Madagascar  The genera are    
 
 Dryiophis   4 sp    Tropical America and West Africa   Tropidococcyx   1 
sp    Central India   Tragops   4 sp    Bengal to China  the Philippines  
Java  and Celebes   Passerita   2 sp    Ceylon  379 and the Indian 
Peninsula  and  Langaha   2 sp    confined to Madagascar  
 
 
FAMILY 13   DIPSADID     11 Genera  45 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3                    2        1  2  3     1  2  3  4  1  2       
                                                               
 
The Dipsadid    or Nocturnal Tree Snakes  are distinguished from the last 
family by their dark colours and nocturnal habits  They are about equally 
abundant in the Oriental and Neotropical regions  less so in the Ethiopian  
while only a single species extends to North Australia  The following are 
the best known genera    
 
 Dipsas   comprising all the Oriental species with one in Asia Minor  and a 
few from the Moluccas  New Guinea  North Australia  West Africa  and 
Tropical America   Thamnodyastes    Tropidodipsas   and several others  
from Tropical America   Dipsadoboa   from West Africa and Tropical America  
 Leptodeira   from Tropical and South Africa  South America  and Mexico  
and  Pythonodipsas   from Central Africa  
 
 
FAMILY 14   SCYTALID     3 Genera  10 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3                                                  4              
                                                               
 
It is doubtful how far the three genera which constitute this family form a 
natural assemblage  We can therefore draw no safe conclusions from the 
peculiarity of their distribution   Scytale  and  Oxyrhopus  being confined 
to Tropical America  while  Hologerrhum  inhabits the Philippine Islands  
 
 
 380 FAMILY 15   LYCODONTID     11 Genera  35 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                      1  2  3     1  2  3  4  1          
                                                               
 
The Lycodontid    or Fanged Ground Snakes  are confined to the Ethiopian and 
Oriental regions  over the whole of which they range  except that they are 
absent from Madagascar and extend eastward to New Guinea  The genera have 
often a limited distribution    
 
 Lycodon  ranges from India and Ceylon to China  the Philippines  and New 
Guinea   Tetragonosoma   the Malay Peninsula and Islands   Leptorhytaon  
and  Ophites   India   Cercaspis   Ceylon  and  Cyclocorus   the 
Philippines  The African genera are  Bo  don    Lycophidion   
 Holuropholis    Simocephalus   and  Lamprophis   the latter being found 
only in South Africa  The species are nearly equally abundant in both 
regions  but no genus is common to the two  
 
 
FAMILY 16   AMBLYCEPHALID     5 Genera  12 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3                                               3  4        3     
                                                               
 
The Amblycephalid    or Blunt Heads  are very singularly distributed  being 
nearly equally divided between Tropical America and the eastern half of the 
Oriental region  as will be seen by the following statement of the 
distribution of the genera    
 
 Amblycephalus   1 sp    Malay Peninsula to Borneo and the Philippines  
 Pareas   3 sp    Assam  China  Java  and Borneo   381  Asthenodipsas   1 
sp    Malacca   Leptognathus   6 sp    Central and South America  and 
 Anoplodipsas   1 sp    supposed to come from New Caledonia  and  if so  
furnishing a link  though a very imperfect one  between the disconnected 
halves of the family  
 
 
FAMILY 17   PYTHONID     21 Genera  46 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1                       1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3    
                                                               
 
The Pythonid    comprising the Rock Snakes  Pythons  and Boas  are confined 
to the tropics  with the exception of one species in California  They are 
very abundant in the Neotropical region  where nearly half the known 
species occur  the Australian region comes next  while the Oriental is the 
least prolific in these large serpents  The genera which have been 
described are very numerous  but they are by no means well defined  The 
following are the most important    
 
 Python  is confined to the Oriental region   Morelia    Liasis   and 
 Nardoa  are Australian and Papuan   Enygrus  is found in the Moluccas  New 
Guinea and the Fiji Islands   Hortulia  is African   Sanzinia  is peculiar 
to Madagascar   Boa    Epicrates    Corallus    Ungalia   and  Eunectes  
are Tropical American   Chilabothrus  is peculiar to Jamaica and Mexico  
and  Lichanotus  to California  
 
An extinct species belonging to this family has been found in the 
Brown coal formation of Germany  of Miocene age  
 
 
FAMILY 18   ERYCID     3 Genera  6 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                             2           2         1    3                 
                                                               
 
 382 The Erycid    or Land Snakes  form a small but natural family  chiefly 
found in the desert zone on the confines of the Pal  arctic  Oriental  and 
Ethiopian regions  They range from South Europe to West Africa and to 
Sikhim  The three genera are distributed as follows    
 
 Cursoria   1 sp    Afghanistan   Gongylophis   1 sp    India and Sikhim  
 Eryx   4 sp    has the range of the entire family  
 
 
FAMILY 19   ACROCHORDID     2 Genera  3 Species  
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                      2    4  1          
                                                               
 
The Acrochordid    or Wart Snakes  form a small and isolated group  found 
only in two sub divisions of the Oriental region  the South Indian and the 
Malayan  and in New Guinea  
 
 Acrochordus   inhabits Penang  Singapore  and Borneo   Chersydrus   
Southern India and the Malay Peninsula  with a species recently discovered 
in New Guinea  
 
 
FAMILY 20   ELAPID     23 Genera  100 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3           3              4  1  2  3     1  2  3  4  1  2  3    
                                                               
 
The Elapid    or Terrestrial venomous Colubrine Snakes  are an extensive 
group  spread over the tropics of the whole world  but especially abundant 
in Australia  where half the known species occur  some of them being the 
most deadly of venomous serpents  In the Oriental region they are also 
abundant  containing amongst other forms  the well known Cobras  The 
American species are almost equally numerous  but they all belong to one 
 383 genus  and they are annulated with rings of various colours in a 
manner quite distinct from any other members of this family  The genera  
which are all very distinct  are distributed as follows    
 
 Diemenia    Acanthophis    Hoplocephalus    Brachiurophis    Tropidechis   
 Pseudechis    Cacophis    Pseudonaje    Denisonia   and  Vermicella   are 
Australian  the first two ranging to the Moluccas and New Guinea   Ogmodon  
occurs in the Fiji Islands   Naja    Bungarus    Ophiophagus   
 Pseudonaje    Xenurelaps    Doliophis    Meg  rophis   and  Callophis  are 
Oriental  one species of the latter genus being found in Japan  while an 
 Ophiophagus  has been discovered in New Guinea   Cyrtophis    Elapsoidea   
and  Poecilophis  are African   Elaps  is American  ranging as far north as 
South Carolina  but not to the West Indian Islands  
 
 
FAMILY 21   DENDRASPIDID     1 Genus  5 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                      1  2                                
                                                               
 
The single genus  Dendraspis   constituting the family  is confined to 
Tropical Africa  
 
 
FAMILY 22   ATRACTASPIDID     1 Genus  4 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                         2  3                             
                                                               
 
This small family  consisting of the genus  Atractaspis   is also confined 
to Africa  but has hitherto only been found in the West and South  
 
 
 384 FAMILY 23   HYDROPHID     8 Genera  50 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
        3                                      4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
The Hydrophid    or Sea Snakes  are a group of small sized marine serpents  
abundant in the Indian and Australian seas  and extending as far west as 
Madagascar  and as far east as Panama  They are very poisonous  and it is 
probable that many species remain to be discovered  The genera are 
distributed as follows    
 
 Hydrophis   37 sp    ranging from India to Formosa and Australia  
 Platurus   2 sp    from the Bay of Bengal to New Guinea and New Zealand  
 Aipysurus   3 sp    Java to New Guinea and Australia   Disteira   1 sp    
unknown locality   Acalyptus   1 sp    South west Pacific   Enhydrina   1 
sp    Bay of Bengal to New Guinea   Pelamis   1 sp    Madagascar to New 
Guinea  New Zealand  and Panama   Emydocephalus   1 sp    Australian Seas  
 
 
FAMILY 24   CROTALID     11 Genera  40 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4        3  4              1  2  3  4              
                                                               
 
The Crotalid    or Pit Vipers  including the deadly Rattlesnakes  form a 
well marked family of fanged serpents  whose distribution is very 
interesting  They abound most in the Oriental region  at least 5 of the 
genera and 20 species being found within its limits  yet they are quite 
unknown in the Ethiopian region  a parallel case to that of the Bears and 
Deer  A few species are peculiar to the eastern portion of the Pal  arctic 
region  while  385 the Nearctic is actually richer than the Neotropical 
region both in genera and species  This would point to the conclusion  that 
the group originated in the Indo Chinese sub region and spread thence 
north east to North America  and so onward to South America  which  having 
been the last to receive the group  has not had time to develop it largely  
notwithstanding its extreme adaptability to Reptilian life  The genera are 
divided among the several regions as follows    
 
 Craspedocephalus   7 sp    Tropical America and the West Indian Islands  
 Cenchris    Crotalophorus    Uropsophorus   and  Crotalus   inhabiting 
North America from Canada and British Columbia to Texas  one species 
  Crotalus horridus   extending into South America   Trimeresurus   16 
sp    all India from Ceylon to Assam  Formosa  the Philippines and Celebes  
 Peltopelor  and  Hypnale   1 sp  each   peculiar to India   Calloselasma  
 1 sp    Siam   Atropos   1 sp    Java and Borneo   Halys   3 sp    
peculiar to Tartary  Thibet  Japan  North China  and Formosa  
 
 
FAMILY 25   VIPERID     3 Genera  22 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                          1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4              
                                                               
 
The Viperid    or True Vipers  are especially characteristic of the 
Pal  arctic and Ethiopian regions  only one species being found over a large 
part of the Oriental region  and another reaching Central India  They are 
especially abundant in Africa  and the Pal  arctic confines in South western 
Asia  The common Viper ranges across the whole Pal  arctic region from 
Portugal to Saghalien Island  reaching to 67   North Latitude  in 
Scandinavia  and to 58   in Central Siberia  The genera  according to Dr  
Strauch s synopsis  are distributed as follows    
 
 Vipera   17 sp    which has the range of the family  extending over the 
whole of the Pal  arctic and Ethiopian regions  except Madagascar  and as 
far as Ceylon  Siam  and Java  in the Oriental  386 region   Echis   2 
sp    inhabiting North Africa to Persia and to Continental India  and 
 Atheris   3 sp    confined to West Africa  
 
 
 Remarks on the General Distribution of Ophidia   
 
The Ophidia  being preeminently a Tropical order  rapidly diminishing in 
numbers as we go north in the Temperate Zone  and wholly ceasing long 
before we reach the Arctic Circle  we cannot expect the two Northern 
regions to exhibit any great variety or peculiarity  Yet in their warmer 
portions they are tolerably rich  for  of the 25 families of snakes  6 are 
found in the Nearctic region  10 in the Pal  arctic  13 in the Australian  
16 in the Neotropical  17 in the Ethiopian  and no less than 22 in the 
Oriental  which last is thus seen to be by far the richest of the great 
regions in the variety of its forms of Ophidian life  The only regions that 
possess altogether peculiar families of this order  are the Ethiopian  3   
and the Oriental  2   the usually rich and peculiar Neotropical region not 
possessing exclusively  any family of snakes  and what is still more 
remarkable  the Neotropical and Australian regions together  do not possess 
a family peculiar to them  Every family inhabiting these two regions is 
found also in the Oriental  and this fact  taken in connection with the 
superior richness of the latter region both in families and genera  would 
indicate that the Ophidia had their origin in the northern hemisphere of 
the Old World  the ancient Pal  arctic region  whence they spread on all 
sides  in successive waves of migration  to the other regions  The 
distribution of the genera peculiar to  or highly characteristic of  the 
several regions is as follows    
 
The Nearctic possesses 9  four of these belong to the Colubrid    one to the 
Pythonid    and four to the Crotalid    The Pal  arctic region has only 2 
peculiar genera  belonging to the Colubrid   and Crotalid    The Ethiopian 
has 25  belonging to 11 families  four to Colubrid    five to Lycodontid    
and three to Elapid    The Oriental has no less than 50  belonging to 15 
families  five are Colubrid    five Uropeltid    twelve Homalopsid    six 
Lycodontid    three Amblycephalid    eight Elapid    and four  387 Crotalid    
The Australian has 16  belonging to three families only  eleven being 
Elapid    and four Pythonid    The Neotropical has about 24  belonging to 
eight families  ten are Colubrid    six Pythonid    and the rest Dipsadid    
Scytalid    Amblycephalid    Elapid    and Crotalid    
 
We find then  that in the Ophidia  the regions adopted in this work are 
remarkably distinct  and that  in the case of the Oriental and Ethiopian  
the difference is strongly marked  a very large number of the genera being 
confined to each region  It is interesting to observe  that in many cases 
the affinity seems to be rather between the West Coast of Africa and the 
Oriental region  than between the East Coast and the plains of India  thus 
the Homalopsid    a highly characteristic Oriental family  occur on the West 
Coast of Africa only  the Dryiophid    which range over the whole Oriental 
region  only occur in Madagascar and West Africa in the Ethiopian  the 
genus  Dipsas  is found over all the Oriental region and again in West 
Africa  A cause for this peculiarity has been suggested in our sketch of 
the past history of the Ethiopian region  Vol  I  p  288  In the 
Lycodontid    which are strictly confined to these two regions  the genera 
are all distinct  and the same is the case with the more widely distributed 
Elapid    and although a few desert forms  such as  Echis  and the Erycid    
are common to Africa and the dry plains of India  this is evidently due to 
favourable climatic conditions  and cannot neutralise the striking 
differences in the great mass of the family and generic forms which inhabit 
the two regions  The union of Madagascar with the South western part of the 
Oriental region under the appellation Lemuria  finds no support in the 
distribution of Ophidia  which  however  strikingly accords with the views 
developed in the Third Part of this work  as to the great importance and 
high antiquity of the Euro Asiatic continent  as the chief land centre from 
which the higher organisms have spread over the globe  
 
 Fossil Ophidia    The oldest known remains of Ophidia occur in the Eocene 
formation in the Isle of Sheppey  others are found in the Miocene  Brown 
Coal  of Germany  and in some Tertiary beds in the United States  Most of 
these appear to have been  388 large species belonging to the Pythonid    so 
that we are evidently still very far from knowing anything of the earliest 
forms of this order  In some of the later Tertiary deposits the poison 
fangs of venomous species have been found  also a Colubrine snake from the 
Upper Miocene of the South of France  
 
 
 Order II   LACERTILIA   
 
FAMILY 26   TROGONOPHID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                             2                                            
                                                               
 
The single species of  Trogonophis   forming this family  is found only in 
North Africa  
 
 
FAMILY 27   CHIROTID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
        3           3                                                     
                                                               
 
 Chirotes   the genus which constitutes this family  inhabits Mexico  and 
has also been found in Missouri  one of the Southern United States  
 
 
FAMILY 28   AMPHISB  NID     1 Genus  13 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
   1  2    4                 2        1  2                                
                                                               
 
 389 The Amphisb  nid    which  in the opinion of Dr  G  nther  are all 
comprised in the genus  Amphisb  na   inhabit Spain and Asia Minor  North 
and Tropical Africa  South America as far as Buenos Ayres and the West 
Indian Islands  
 
 
FAMILY 29   LEPIDOSTERNID     3 Genera  6 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2                                   2  3                             
                                                               
 
The small family of Lepidosternid   has nearly the same distribution as the 
last  indicating a curious relationship between the Tropical parts of 
Africa and America   Lepidosternon  and  Cephalopeltis  are American 
genera  while  Monotrophis  is African  
 
 
FAMILY 30   VARANID     3 Genera  30 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                             2        1  2  3     1  2  3  4  1  2       
                                                               
 
The Varanid    or Water Lizards  are most abundant in the Oriental region  
whence they extend into the Austro Malay Islands as far as New Guinea  and 
into Australia  Several species are found in Africa   Psammosaurus   1 
sp    is found in North Africa and North western India   Monitor   18 sp    
has the range of the family  while  Hydrosaurus   8 sp   ranges from Siam 
to the Philippines  New Guinea  and Australia  
 
 
 390 FAMILY 31   HELODERMID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
        3                                                                 
                                                               
 
The genus  Heloderma   which constitutes this family  is found in Mexico  
 
 
FAMILY 32   TEID     12 Genera  74 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3                                                     
                                                               
 
The Teid    or Teguexins  a group of Lizards allied to the European 
Lacertid    but with differently formed superciliary scales  are highly 
characteristic of the Neotropical region  abounding almost everywhere from 
Patagonia to the Antilles and Mexico  and extending northwards to 
California on the west and to Pennsylvania on the east  The most extensive 
genus is  Ameiva   containing nearly 60 species and having the range of the 
entire family   Teius   3 sp    inhabits Brazil and Mendoza   Callopistes  
 2 sp    Chili   Centropyx   3 sp    Paraguay to Alabama   Dicrodon  
 Peru    Monoplocus   Western Ecuador   with  Acrantus    Acanthopyga   
 Emminia    Crocodilurus    Custa   and  Ada   which each consist of a 
single species  and all inhabit Tropical America  
 
 
FAMILY 33   LACERTID     18 Genera  80 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                          1  2  3  4  1  2  3     1  2  3  4     2       
                                                               
 
 391 The Lacertid    or Land Lizards  are small sized  terrestrial  
non burrowing lizards  very characteristic of the Pal  arctic region  which 
contains more than half the known species  and of the adjacent parts of the 
Oriental and Ethiopian regions  but extending also to South Africa  to 
Java  and even to Australia  The best defined genera are the following    
 
 Lacerta   10 sp    ranging over all Central and South Europe to Poland  
and farther north in Russia and Siberia  eastward to Persia  and southward 
to North and West Africa   Zootoca   8 sp    has nearly the same range in 
Europe as the last genus  but has representatives in Madeira  South Africa  
and Australia   Tachydromus   7 sp   is widely scattered in Chinese Asia  
Japan  Borneo  and West Africa   Acanthodactylus   10 sp   is most abundant 
in North Africa  but has a species in South Africa  and two in Central 
India   Eremias   18 sp   is found all over Africa  and also in the Crimea  
Persia  Tartary and China   Psammodromus   2 sp    is confined to Spain  
France  and Italy   Ophiops   6 sp    inhabits India  Persia  and Asia 
Minor to South Russia  Less strongly marked and perhaps less natural genera 
are the following    
 
 Thetia   1 sp    Algiers   Teira   1 sp    Madeira   Nucras   4 sp    
Caucasus and South Africa   Notopholis   4 sp    South Europe and South 
Africa   Algira   3 sp    North and South Africa   Scrapteira   1 sp    
Nubia   Aspidorhinus   1 sp    Caspian district   Messalina   4 sp    North 
Africa  Persia  and North west India  Cabrita   1 sp    Central India  
 Pachyrhynchus   1 sp    Benguela  
 
 
FAMILY 34   ZONURID     15 Genera  52 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3  4  1  2  3  4     2        1  2  3  4        3        2       
                                                               
 
The Zonurid    or Land Lizards  characterised by a longitudinal fold of skin 
on each side of the body  have a very remarkable  392 distribution  Their 
head quarters is the Ethiopian region  which contains more than half the 
known genera and species  most of which are found in South Africa and 
several in Madagascar  Next to Africa the largest number of genera and 
species are found in Mexico and Central America  with a few in the 
Antilles  South America  and California  and even as far north as British 
Columbia  Three of the genera form a distinct sub group  the Glass 
Snakes   the four species composing it being located in North Africa  North 
America  South eastern Europe  and the Khasya Hills  
 
The prominent fact in the distribution of this family is  that the mass of 
the genera and species form two groups  one in South Africa  the other in 
Mexico   countries between which it would be difficult to imagine any means 
of communication  We have here  probably  an example of a once much more 
extensive group  widely distributed over the globe  and which has continued 
to maintain itself only in those districts especially adapted to its 
peculiar type of organization  This must undoubtedly have been the case 
with the genus  Pseudopus   whose two species now inhabit South eastern 
Europe and the Khasya Hills in Assam respectively  
 
The genera are    Cordylus    Pseudocordylus    Platysaurus   
 Cordylosaurus    Pleurostrichus   and  Saurophis   confined to South 
Africa   Zonurus   South and East Africa and Madagascar   Gerrhosaurus   
ranges over the whole Ethiopian region   Cicigna  is confined to 
Madagascar   Gerrhonotus   22 sp    ranges from British Columbia  
California  and Texas  to Cuba and South America  but is most abundant in 
Mexico and Central America   Abronia  and  Barissia   are two genera of 
doubtful distinctness  peculiar to Mexico   Ophisaurus   the Glass Snake  
is found in the Southern United States as far as Virginia  the allied genus 
 Hyalosaurus  in North Africa  and  Pseudopus   as above stated  in 
South east Europe and the Khasya Hills  
 
 
 393 FAMILY 35   CHALCID     3 Genera  8 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3            3                                                    
                                                               
 
The Chalcid   are a small group of Lizards characteristic of Tropical 
America  one species extending into the United States  
 
The genera are  Chalcis   6 sp    ranging from Central America to Chili  
two other species  which have been placed in distinct genera  inhabit North 
America and Peru  
 
 
FAMILY 36   ANADIAD     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2                                                                    
                                                               
 
The single species of  Anadia   constituting this family  inhabits Tropical 
America  
 
 
FAMILY 37   CHIROCOLID     1 Genus  2 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2                                                                    
                                                               
 
The genus  Heterodactylus   which constitutes this family  inhabits Brazil  
 
 
 394 FAMILY 38   IPHISAD     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2                                                                    
                                                               
 
The single species of  Iphisa   has been found only at Para in Equatorial 
America  
 
 
FAMILY 39   CERCOSAURID     1 Genus  5 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2                                                                    
                                                               
 
The genus  Cercosaura   is known only from Brazil and Ecuador  
 
 
FAMILY 40   CHAM  SAURID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                            3                             
                                                               
 
This family  consisting of a single species of the genus  Cham  saura   is 
confined to South Africa  
 
 
 395 FAMILY 41   GYMNOPTHALMID      5 Genera  14 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
      2    4              1  2  3        2     4              1  2  3    
                                                               
 
The Gymnopthalmid    or Gape eyed Scinks  so called from their rudimentary 
eyelids  form a small group  which is widely and somewhat erratically 
distributed  as will be seen by the following account of the distribution 
of the genera    
 
 Lerista   1 sp   and three other species for which Dr  Gray has 
established the genera   Morethria   1 sp    and  Menetia   2 sp    are 
confined to Australia   Cryptoblepharus   4 sp    is found in West 
Australia  Timor  New Guinea  the Fiji Islands  and Mauritius   Ablepharus  
 4 sp    inhabits Eastern and South eastern Europe  Persia  Siberia  West 
Africa  and the Bonin Islands  and  Gymnopthalmus   3 sp    is found in 
Brazil and the West Indies  
 
 
FAMILY 42   PYGOPODID     2 Genera  3 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                                 2       
                                                               
 
This small family of two legged Lizards  comprising the genera  Pygopus  
and  Delma   is found only in Australia proper and Tasmania  
 
 
 396 FAMILY 43   APRASIAD     1 Genus  2 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                                 2       
                                                               
 
The genus  Aprasia   constituting this family  is found in West and South 
Australia  
 
 
FAMILY 44   LIALID     1 Genus  3 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                                 2       
                                                               
 
This family is also confined to Australia  the single genus   Lialis   
inhabiting the Western and Northern districts  
 
 
FAMILY 45   SCINCID     60 Genera  300 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3     1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
The Scincid    or Scinks  are an extensive family of smooth scaled lizards  
frequenting dry and stony places  and almost universally distributed over 
the globe  being only absent from the cold northern and southern zones  The 
family itself is a very natural one  and it contains many natural genera  
but a large number have been established which probably require careful 
revision  The following include the more important and the best established 
groups    
 
 397  Scincus   2 sp    North Africa and Arabia   Hinulia   20 sp    most 
of the Australian and Oriental regions   Cyclodina   1 sp     Hombronia   1 
sp    and  Lygosomella   1 sp    all from New Zealand   Keneuxia   1 sp    
Philippines  Moluccas  and Papuan Islands   Elania   1 sp   New Guinea  
 Carlia   2 sp    North Australia and New Guinea   Mocoa   16 sp    
Australia and New Zealand  with species in Borneo  West Africa  and Central 
America   Lipinia   3 sp    Philippine Islands and New Guinea   Lygosoma  
 12 sp    Australia  New Caledonia  Pelew and Philippine Islands  
 Tetradactylus   1 sp     Hemierges   2 sp     Chelomeles   2 sp    
 Omolepida   1 sp     Lissolepis   1 sp     Siaphos   1 sp     Rhodona   3 
sp    Anomalpus   1 sp     Soridia   2 sp    and  Ophioscincus   1 sp   all 
confined to Australia   Cophoscincus   3 sp    Philippine Islands  Celebes  
and Queensland   Plestiodon   18 sp    China and Japan  Africa  and America 
as far north as Pennsylvania and Nebraska   Eumeces   30 sp    South 
Pal  arctic  Oriental and Australian regions  to New Ireland and North 
Australia   Mabouya   20 sp    Oriental region  Austro Malaya  North 
Australia  the Neotropical region  and to Lat  42   30  in North America  
 Amphixestus   1 sp    Borneo   Hagria   1 sp    and  Chiamela   1 sp    
India   Senira   1 sp    Philippine Islands   Brachymeles   2 sp    
Philippine Islands and Australia   Ophiodes   1 sp    Brazil   Anguis   3 
sp    West Pal  arctic region and South Africa   Tribolonotus   1 sp    New 
Guinea   Tropidophorus   2 sp    Cochin China and Philippine Islands  
 Norbea   2 sp    Borneo and Australia   Trachydosaurus   1 sp    
Australia  Cyclodus  8 sp    Australia  Aru Islands  and Ceram  
 Silubosaurus   2 sp     Egerina   2 sp    and  Tropidolepisma   6 sp    
all peculiar to Australia   Heteropus   7 sp    Australia  Austro Malaya  
and Bourbon   Pygomeles   1 sp    Madagascar   Dasia   1 sp    Malaya  
 Euprepes   70 sp    Ethiopian and Oriental regions  Austro Malaya  South 
America       Celestus   9 sp    peculiar to the Antilles  except a species 
in Costa Rica   Diploglossus   7 sp    the Neotropical region   with a 
number of other genera founded on single species from various parts of the 
world  
 
 
 398 FAMILY 46   OPHIOMORID     2 Genera  2 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                             2                                            
                                                               
 
The snake like Lizard constituting the genus  Ophiomorus   is found in 
Southern Russia  Greece  and Algeria  while  Zygnopsis  having four weak 
limbs  has been recently discovered by Mr  Blanford in South Persia  The 
family is therefore confined to our Mediterranean sub region  
 
 
FAMILY 47   SEPID     7 Genera  22 species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                             2        1  2  3  4                          
                                                               
 
The Sepid    or Sand Lizards  are a very natural group  almost confined to 
the Ethiopian region  but extending into the desert country on the borders 
of the Oriental region  and into the south of the Pal  arctic region as far 
as Palestine  Madeira  Spain  Italy  and even the South of France  The 
genera are    
 
 Seps   10 sp    South Europe  Madeira  Teneriffe  Palestine  North Africa  
South Africa and Madagascar   Sphenops   2 sp    North Africa  Syria  West 
Africa   Scelotes   3 sp    Angola to South Africa  Madagascar   Thyrus   1 
sp    Bourbon and Mauritius   Amphiglossus   1 sp    Madagascar  
 Sphenocephalus   1 sp    Afghanistan  and  Sepsina   4 sp    South west 
Africa  
 
 
 399 FAMILY 48   ACONTIAD     3 Genera  7 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                         2  3  4     2        1          
                                                               
 
This small family of snake like Lizards has a very curious distribution  
being found in South and West Africa  Madagascar  Ceylon  and Ternate in 
the Moluccas   Acontias   4 sp    is found in the four first named 
localities   Nessia   2 sp    is confined to Ceylon   Typhloscincus   1 
sp    to Ternate  
 
 
FAMILY 49   GECKOTID     50 Genera  200 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3     1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
The Geckoes  or Wall Lizards  form an extensive family  of almost universal 
distribution in the warmer parts of the globe  and they must have some 
exceptional means of dispersal  since they are found in many of the most 
remote islands of the great oceans   as the Galapagos  the Sandwich 
Islands  Tahiti  New Zealand  the Loo Choo and the Seychelle Islands  the 
Nicobar Islands  Mauritius  Ascension  Madeira  and many others  The 
following are the larger and more important genera    
 
 O  dura   3 sp    Australia   Diplodactylus   8 sp    Australia  South 
Africa  and California   Phyllodactylus   8 sp    widely scattered in 
Tropical America  California  Madagascar  and Queensland   Hemidactylus  
 40 sp    all tropical and warm countries   Peropus   12 sp    the Oriental 
region  Papuan Islands  Mauritius  and Brazil   Pentadactylus   7 sp    
Oriental region and Australia   Gecko   12 sp    Oriental region to New 
Guinea and  400 North Australia   Gehyra   5 sp    Australia  New Guinea 
and Fiji Islands   Tarentola   7 sp    North Africa  North America  
Madeira  Borneo  South Africa   Phelsuma   6 sp    Madagascar  Bourbon  and 
Andaman Islands   Pachydactylus   5 sp    South and West Africa  and 
Ascension Island   Sph  rodactylus   5 sp    the Neotropical region  
 Naultinus    6 sp    New Zealand   Goniodactylus   5 sp    Australia  
Timor  South America and Algiers   Heteronota   4 sp    Australia  Fiji 
Islands  New Guinea and Borneo   Cubina   4 sp    the Neotropical region  
 Gymnodactylus   16 sp    all warm countries except Australia   Phyllurus  
 3 sp    Australia   Stenodactylus   4 sp    North and West Africa  and Rio 
Grande in North America  
 
The remaining genera mostly consist of single species  and are pretty 
equally distributed over the various parts of the world indicated in the 
preceding list  Madagascar  the Seychelle Islands  Chili  the Sandwich 
Islands  South Africa  Tahiti  the Philippine Islands  New Caledonia  and 
Australia  all have peculiar genera  while two new ones have recently been 
described from Persia  
 
 
FAMILY 50   IGUANID     56 Genera  236 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3                                               3    
                                                               
 
The extensive family of the Iguanas is highly characteristic of the 
Neotropical region  in every part of which the species abound  even as far 
as nearly 50   South Latitude in Patagonia  They also extend northwards into 
the warmer parts of the Nearctic region  as far as California  British 
Columbia  and Kansas on the west  and to 43   North Latitude in the Eastern 
States  A distinct genus occurs in the Fiji Islands  and one has been 
described as from Australia  and another from Madagascar  but there is some 
doubt about these  The most extensive genera are    
 
 Anolius   84 sp    found in most parts of Tropical America and  401 north 
to California   Tropidolepis   15 sp    which has nearly the same range  
 Leiocephalus   14 sp    Antilles  Guayaquil  and Galapagos Islands  
 Leiol  mus   14 sp    Peru to Patagonia   Sceloporus   9 sp    from Brazil 
to California and British Columbia  and on the east to Florida  
 Proctotretus   6 sp    Chili and Patagonia   Phrynosoma   8 sp   New 
Mexico  California  Oregon and British Columbia  Arkansas and Florida  
 Iguana   5 sp    Antilles and South America   Cyclusa   4 sp    Antilles  
Honduras  and Mexico  
 
Among the host of smaller genera may be noted    
 
 Brachylophus   found in the Fiji Islands   Trachycephalus  and 
 Oreocephalus   peculiar to the Galapagos   Oreodeira   said to be from 
Australia   Diplol  mus  and  Phymaturus   found only in Chili and 
Patagonia  and  Callisaurus    Uta    Euphryne    Uma   and  Holbrookia   
from New Mexico and California  All the other genera are from various parts 
of Tropical America  
 
 
FAMILY 51   AGAMID     42 Genera  156 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                             2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3    
                                                               
 
The extensive family Agamid    the Eastern representative of the Iguanas  is 
highly characteristic of the Oriental region  which possesses about half 
the known genera and species  Of the remainder  the greater part inhabit 
the Australian region  others range over the deserts of Central and Western 
Asia and Northern Africa  as far as Greece and South Russia  One genus 
extends through Africa to the Cape of Good Hope  and there are three 
peculiar genera in Madagascar  but the family is very poorly represented in 
the Ethiopian region  Many of these creatures are adorned with beautifully 
varied and vivid colours  and the little  dragons  or flying lizards are 
among the most interesting forms in the entire order  The larger genera are 
distributed as follows    
 
 402  Draco   18 sp    the Oriental region  excluding Ceylon   Otocryptis  
 4 sp    Ceylon  North India  Malaya   Ceratophora   3 sp    Ceylon  
 Gonyocephalus   8 sp    Papuan Islands  Java  Borneo  Pelew Islands  
 Dilophyrus   7 sp    Indo Malaya and Siam   Japalura   6 sp    Himalayas  
Borneo  Formosa  and Loo Choo Islands   Sitana   2 sp    Central and South 
India and Ceylon   Bronchocela   3 sp    Indo Malaya  Cambodja  and 
Celebes   Calotes   12 sp    Continental India to China  Philippine 
Islands   Oriocalotes   2 sp    Himalayas   Acanthosaura   5 sp    Malacca 
and Siam   Tiaris   3 sp    Andaman Islands  Borneo  Philippine and Papuan 
Islands   Physignathus   3 sp    Cochin China and Australia   Uromastix   5 
sp    South Russia  North Africa  Central India   Stellio   5 sp    
Caucasus and Greece to Arabia  High Himalayas and Central India   Trapelus  
 5 sp    Tartary  Egypt  and Afghanistan   Phrynocephalus   10 sp    
Tartary and Mongolia  Persia and Afghanistan   Lophura   2 sp    Amboyna 
and Pelew Islands   Grammatophorus   14 sp    Australia and Tasmania  
 Agama   14 sp    North Africa to the Punjaub  South Africa  The remaining 
genera each consist of a single species  Eight are peculiar to Australia  
one to the Fiji Islands  one to the Aru Islands  three to Ceylon  five to 
other parts of the Oriental region  one to Persia  and one to South Russia  
 
 
FAMILY 52   CHAM  LEONID     1 Genus  30 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                             2        1  2  3  4  1  2                    
                                                               
 
The Cham  leons are an almost exclusively Ethiopian group  only one species  
the common Cham  leon  inhabiting North Africa and Western Asia as far as 
Central India and Ceylon  They abound all over Africa  and peculiar species 
are found in Madagascar and Bourbon  as well as in the Island of Fernando 
Po  
 
 
 403  General Remarks on the Distribution of the Lacertilia   
 
The distribution of the Lacertilia is  in many particulars  strikingly 
opposed to that of the Ophidia  The Oriental  instead of being the richest 
is one of the poorest regions  both in the number of families and in the 
number of peculiar genera it contains  while in both these respects the 
Neotropical is by far the richest  The distribution of the families is as 
follows    
 
The Nearctic region has 7 families  none of which are peculiar to it  but 
it has 3 peculiar genera   Chirotes    Ophisaurus   and  Phrynosoma   
 
The Pal  arctic region has 12 families  with two  Ophiomorid   and 
Trogonophid    each consisting of a single species  peculiar  while it has 6 
peculiar or very characteristic genera   Trogonophis  in North Africa  
 Psammodromus  in South Europe   Hyalosaurus  in North Africa   Scincus  in 
North Africa and Arabia   Ophiomorus  in East Europe and North Africa  and 
 Phrynocephalus  in Siberia  Tartary  and Afghanistan  We have here a 
striking amount of diversity between the Nearctic and Pal  arctic regions 
with hardly a single point of resemblance  
 
The Ethiopian region has 13 families  only one of which  the Cham  saurid    
consisting of a single species  is altogether peculiar  but it possesses 21 
peculiar or characteristic genera  9 belonging to the Zonurid    2 to the 
Sepid    7 to the Geckotid    and 3 to the Agamid    
 
The Oriental region has only 8 families  none of which are peculiar  but 
there are 28 peculiar genera  6 belonging to the Scincid    1 to the 
Acontiad    5 to the Geckotid    and 16 to the Agamid    Many lizards being 
sand and desert haunters  it is not surprising that a number of forms are 
common to the borderlands of the Oriental and Ethiopian regions  yet the 
Sepid    so abundant in all Africa  do not range to the peninsula of India  
and the equally Ethiopian Zonurid   have only one Oriental species  found  
not in the peninsula but in the Khasya Hills  The Acontiad   alone offer 
some analogy to the distribution of the Lemurs  being found in Africa  
Madagascar  Ceylon  and the Moluccas  
 
The Australian region has 11 families  3 of which are  404 peculiar  and it 
has about 40 peculiar genera in ten families  about half of these genera 
belonging to the Scincid    Only 3 families of almost universal distribution 
are common to the Australian and Neotropical regions  with one species of 
the American Iguanid   in the Fiji Islands  so that  as far as this order is 
concerned  these two regions have little resemblance  
 
The Neotropical region has 15 families  6 of which are peculiar to it  and 
it possesses more than 50 peculiar genera  These are distributed among 12 
families  but more than half belong to the Iguanid    and half the remainder 
to the Teid     the two families especially characteristic of the 
Neotropical region  All the Nearctic families which are not of almost 
universal distribution are peculiarly Neotropical  showing that the 
Lacertilia of the former region have probably been derived almost 
exclusively from the latter  
 
On the whole the distribution of the Lacertilia shows a remarkable amount 
of specialization in each of the great tropical regions  whence we may 
infer that Southern Asia  Tropical Africa  Australia  and South America  
each obtained their original stock of this order at very remote periods  
and that there has since been little intercommunication between them  The 
peculiar affinities indicated by such cases as the Lepidosternid    found 
only in the tropics of Africa and South America  and  Tachydromus  in 
Eastern Asia and West Africa  may be the results either of once widely 
distributed families surviving only in isolated localities where the 
conditions are favourable   or of some partial and temporary geographical 
connection  allowing of a limited degree of intermixture of faunas  The 
former appears to be the more probable and generally efficient cause  but 
the latter may have operated in exceptional cases  
 
 
 Fossil Lacertilia   
 
These date back to the Triassic period  and they are found in most 
succeeding formations  but it is not till the Tertiary period that forms 
allied to existing genera occur  These are at present too rare and too 
ill defined to throw much light on the geographical distribution of the 
order  
 
 
 405  Order III   RHYNCOCEPHALINA   
 
FAMILY 53   RHYNCOCEPHALID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                                       4 
                                                               
 
The singular and isolated genus  Hatteria   the  Tuatara  or fringed 
lizard  which alone constitutes this family  has peculiarities of structure 
which separate it from both lizards and crocodiles  and mark it out as an 
ancestral type  as distinct from other living reptiles as the Marsupials 
are from other Mammalia  It is confined to New Zealand  and is chiefly 
found on small islands near the north east coast  being very rare  if not 
extinct  on the main land  A fossil reptile named  Hyperodapedon   of 
Triassic age  has been found in Scotland and India  and is supposed by 
Professor Huxley to be more nearly allied to  Hatteria  than to any other 
living animal  
 
 
 Order IV   CROCODILIA   
 
FAMILY 54   GAVIALID     2 Genera  3 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                   1       4  1          
                                                               
 
The Gavials are long snouted Crocodiles with large front teeth  and canines 
fitting in notches of the upper jaw  They consist of two genera   Gavialis  
 1 sp    inhabiting the Ganges   Tomistoma   2 sp    found in the rivers of 
Borneo and North Australia  
 
 
 406 FAMILY 55   CROCODILID     1 Genus  12 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3  4                          1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1          
                                                               
 
The true Crocodiles  which have the canines in notches  and the large front 
teeth in pits in the upper jaw  are widely distributed over the tropical 
regions of the globe  inhabiting all the rivers of Africa  the shores and 
estuaries of India  Siam  and eastward to North Australia  Other forms 
inhabit Cuba  Yucatan  and Guatemala  to Ecuador and the Orinooko  Four 
species are Asiatic  one exclusively Australian  three African  and four 
American  These have been placed in distinct groups  but Dr  G  nther 
considers them all to form one genus   Crocodilus   
 
 
FAMILY 56   ALLIGATORID     1 Genus  10 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3           3                                                     
                                                               
 
The Alligators  which are distinguished by having both the large front 
teeth and the canines fitting into pits of the upper jaw  are confined to 
the Neotropical  and the southern part of the Nearctic regions  from the 
lower Mississippi and Texas through all Tropical America  but they appear 
to be absent from the Antilles  They are all placed by Dr  G  nther in the 
single genus   Alligator   
 
 
 General Remarks on the Distribution of Crocodilia   
 
These animals  being few in number and wholly confined to the tropical and 
sub tropical regions  are of comparatively  407 little interest as regards 
geographical distribution  America possesses both Crocodiles and 
Alligators  India  Crocodiles and Gavials  while Africa has Crocodiles 
only  Both Crocodiles and Gavials are found in the northern part of the 
Australian region  so that neither of the three families are restricted to 
a single region  
 
 
 Fossil Crocodilia   
 
The existing families of the order date back to the Eocene period in 
Europe  and the Cretaceous in North America  In the south of England  
Alligators  Gavials and Crocodiles  all occur in Eocene beds  indicating 
that the present distribution of these families is the result of partial 
extinction  and a gradual restriction of their range  a most instructive 
fact  suggesting the true explanation of a large number of cases of 
discontinuous distribution which are sometimes held to prove the former 
union of lands now divided by the deepest oceans  In more ancient 
formations  a number of Crocodilian remains have been discovered which 
cannot be classed in any existing families  and which  therefore  throw no 
light on the existing distribution of the group  
 
 
 Order V   CHELONIA   
 
FAMILY 57   TESTUDINID     14 Genera  126 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4   1  2    4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1          
                                                               
 
The Testudinid    including the land and many fresh water tortoises  are 
very widely distributed over the Old and New worlds  but are entirely 
absent from Australia  They are especially abundant in the Nearctic region  
as far north as Canada and British Columbia  and almost equally so in the 
 408 Neotropical and Oriental regions  in the Ethiopian there is a 
considerable diminution in the number of species  and in the Pal  arctic 
they are still less numerous  being confined to the warmer parts of it  
except one species which extends as far north as Hungary and Prussia  The 
genera are    
 
 Testudo   25 sp    most abundant in the Ethiopian region  but also 
extending over the Oriental region  into South Europe  and the Eastern 
States of North America   Emys   64 sp    abundant in North America and 
over the whole Oriental region  less so in the Neotropical and the 
Pal  arctic regions   Cinosternon   13 sp    United States and California  
and Tropical America   Aromochelys   4 sp    confined to the Eastern States 
of North America   Staurotypus   2 sp    Guatemala and Mexico   Chelydra  
 1 sp    Canada to Louisiana   Claudius   1 sp    Mexico   Dermatemys   3 
sp    South America  Guatemala  and Yucatan   Terrapene   4 sp    Maine to 
Mexico  Sumatra to New Guinea  Shanghae and Formosa  a doubtfully natural 
group   Cinyxis   3 sp     Pyxis   1 sp     Chersina   4 sp    are all 
Ethiopian   Dumerilia   1 sp    is from Madagascar only  
 
 
FAMILY 58   CHELYDID     10 Genera  44 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2                                1  2  3  4                 2       
                                                               
 
The Chelydid    or fresh water tortoises with imperfectly retractile heads  
have a remarkable distribution in the three great southern continents of 
Africa  Australia  and South America  the largest number of species being 
found in the latter country  The genera are    
 
 Peltocephalus   1 sp     Podocnemis   6 sp     Hydromedusa   4 sp    
 Chelys   1 sp    and  Platemys   16 sp    inhabiting South America from 
the Orinooko to the La Plata  the latter genus occurring also in Australia 
and New Guinea   Chelodina   5 sp     Chelemys   1 sp    and  Elseya   2 
sp   from Australia  while  Sternotheres   409  6 sp    and  Pelomedusa   3 
sp    inhabit Tropical and South Africa and Madagascar  
 
 
FAMILY 59   TRIONYCHID     3 Genera  25 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                    3              4  1  2  3     1  2  3  4              
                                                               
 
The distribution of the Trionychid    or Soft Tortoises  is very different 
from that of the Chelydid    yet is equally interesting  They abound most in 
the Oriental region  extending beyond it to Northern China and Japan  In 
the Nearctic region they are only found in the Eastern States  
corresponding curiously to the distribution of plants  in which the 
affinity of Japan to the Eastern States is greater than to California  The 
Trionychid   are also found over the Ethiopian region  but not in 
Madagascar  
 
The genera are    Trionyx   17 sp    which extends over the whole area of 
the family as above indicated   Cycloderma   5 sp    peculiar to Africa  
 Emyda   3 sp    the peninsula of India  Ceylon  and Africa  
 
 
FAMILY 60   CHELONIID     2 Genera  5 Species   
 
GENERAL DISTRIBUTION   All the warm and tropical Seas  
 
The Marine Turtles are almost universally distributed   Dermatochelys   1 
sp    is found in the temperate seas of both the Northern and Southern 
Hemispheres   Chelone   4 sp    ranges over all the tropical seas   C  
viridis   the epicureans  species  inhabiting the Atlantic  while  C  
imbricata  which produces the  tortoiseshell  of commerce is found in the 
Indian and Pacific oceans  
 
 
 410  Remarks on the Distribution of the Chelonia   
 
The four families into which the Chelonia are classed have all of them a 
wide distribution  though none are universal  The Ethiopian region seems to 
be the richest  as it possesses 3 of the four families  while no other 
region has more than 2  and it also possesses 7 peculiar genera  Next comes 
the Neotropical region with 2 families and 6 peculiar genera  the 
Australian with 3  and the Nearctic with 2 peculiar genera  while the 
Oriental and Pal  arctic regions possess none that are peculiar  There are 
about 30 genera and 200 species in the whole order  
 
 Fossil Chelonia    The earliest undoubted remains of this order occur in 
the Upper Oolite  These belong to the Cheloniid   and Emydid    which are 
also found in the Chalk  In the Tertiary beds Chelonia are more abundant  
and the Trionychid   now appear  The Testudinid   are first met with in the 
Miocene formation of Europe and the Eocene of North America  the most 
remarkable being the gigantic  Colossochelys Atlas  of the Siwalik Hills  
It appears  therefore  that the families of the order Chelonia were already 
specialised in the Secondary period  a fact which  together with their more 
or less aquatic habits  sufficiently accounts for their generally wide 
distribution  Species of  Testudo    Emys   and  Trionyx   are found in the 
Upper Miocene of the south of France  
 
 
 411 AMPHIBIA  
 
 
 Order I   PSEUDOPHIDIA   
 
FAMILY 1   C  CILIAD     4 Genera  10 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3                                2        1  2  3                 
                                                               
 
The C  ciliad   are a curious group of worm like Amphibia sparingly scattered 
over the three great tropical regions  The genera are    C  cilia   which 
inhabits West Africa  Malabar and South America   Siphonopsis   peculiar to 
Brazil and Mexico   Ichthyopsis   from Ceylon and the Khasya Mountains  and 
 Rhinatrema  from Cayenne  
 
 
 Order II   URODELA   
 
FAMILY 2   SIRENID     1 Genus  3 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                    3                                                     
                                                               
 
The genus  Siren   consisting of eel like Batrachians with two anterior 
feet and permanent branchi    inhabits the South Eastern States of North 
America from Texas to Carolina  
 
 
 412 FAMILY 3   PROTEID     2 Genera  4 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                    3     1                                               
                                                               
 
The Proteid   have four feet and persistent external branchi    The two 
genera are    Proteus   1 sp    found only in caverns of Central Europe  
and  Menobranchus   which are like newts in form  and inhabit the Eastern 
States of North America  
 
 
FAMILY 4   AMPHIUMID     1 Genus  2 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                    3                                                     
                                                               
 
The genus  Amphiuma   or  Mur  nopsis   consists of slender eel like 
creatures with four rudimentary feet  and no external branchi    The species 
inhabit the Southern United States from New Orleans to Carolina  
 
 
FAMILY 5   MENOPOMID     2 Genera  4 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                    3              4                                      
                                                               
 
There are large Salamanders of repulsive appearance  found only in Eastern 
Asia and the Eastern United States  The genera are    Sieboldia   2 sp    
Japan and north west China   Menopoma     Protonopsis   2 sp    Ohio and 
Alleghany rivers  
 
 
 413 FAMILY 6   SALAMANDRID     20 Genera  85 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3     1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4                    3                 
                                                               
 
The Salamandrid    of which our common Newts are characteristic examples  
form an extensive family highly characteristic of the North Temperate 
regions  a few species only extending into the Neotropical region along the 
Andes to near Bogota  and one into the Oriental region in Western China  
The genera  as arranged by Dr  Strauch  are as follows    
 
 Salamandra   2 sp    Central and South Europe and North Africa  
 Pleurodeles   1 sp    Spain  Portugal  and Morocco   Bradybates   1 sp    
Spain   Triton   16 sp    all Europe except the extreme north  Algeria  
North China and Japan  Eastern States of North America  California and 
Oregon   Chioglossa   2 sp    Portugal and South Europe   Salamandrina   1 
sp    Italy to Dalmatia   Ellipsoglossa   2 sp    Japan   Isodactylium   2 
sp    East Siberia   Onychodactylus   1 sp    Japan   Amblystoma   21 sp    
Nearctic region from Canada and Oregon to Mexico  most abundant in Eastern 
States   Ranodon   1 sp    Tartary and North east China   Dicamptodon   1 
sp    California   Plethodon   5 sp    Massachusetts to Louisiana  and 
Vancouver s Island to California   Desmognathus   4 sp    Eastern United 
States south of latitude 43     Anaides   1 sp    Oregon and Northern 
California   Hemidactylium   2 sp    South eastern United States and 
Southern California   Heredia   1 sp    Oregon and California   Spelerpes  
 18 sp    Eastern United States from Massachusetts to Mexico  Guatemala  
Costa Rica and Andes of Bogota  with a species in South Europe  
 Batrachoseps   2 sp    South eastern United States and California  
 Tylotriton   1 sp    Yunan in West China  
 
 
 414  Order III   ANURA   
 
FAMILY 7   RHINOPHRYNID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
        3                                                                 
                                                               
 
The Rhinophrynid   are Toads with imperfect ears and a tongue which is free 
in front  The single species of  Rhinophrynus   is a native of Mexico  
 
 
FAMILY 8   PHRYNISCID     5 Genera  13 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3                             1  2                 4     2       
                                                               
 
The Phryniscid    or Toads with imperfect ears and tongue fixed in front  
are widely distributed over the warmer regions of the earth  but are most 
abundant in the Neotropical region and Australia  while only single species 
occur in the Old World  The genera are    
 
 Phryniscus   7 sp    from Costa Rica to Chili and Monte Video  
 Brachycephalus   1 sp    Brazil   Pseudophryne   3 sp    Australia and 
Tasmania   Hemisus   1 sp    Tropical Africa   Micrhyla   1 sp    Java  
 
 
FAMILY 9   HYLAPLESID     1 Genus  5 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
   1  2    4                                                              
                                                               
 
 415 The Hylaplesid   are Toads with perfect ears  and they seem to be 
confined to the Neotropical region  The only genus   Hylaplesia   5 sp    
inhabits Brazil  Chili  and the Island of Hayti  
 
 
FAMILY 10   BUFONID     6 Genera  64 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3     1  2  3  4  1  2       
                                                               
 
The rather extensive family of the Bufonid    which includes our common 
Toad  and is characterised by prominent neck glands and tongue fixed in 
front  is almost universally distributed  but is very rare in the 
Australian region  one species being found in Celebes and one in Australia  
The genera are    
 
 Kalophrynus   2 sp    Borneo   Bufo   58 sp    has the range of the entire 
family  except Australia   Otilophus   1 sp    South America   Peltaphryne  
 1 sp    Porto Rico   Pseudobufo   1 sp    Malay Peninsula   Schismaderma  
 1 sp    Natal   Notaden   1 sp    East Central Australia  
 
 
FAMILY 11   XENORHINID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                                              1          
                                                               
 
The Xenorhinid   may be characterised as Toads with perfect ears and tongue 
free in front  The only species of  Xenorhina  is a native of New Guinea  
 
 
 416 FAMILY 12   ENGYSTOMID     15 Genera  31 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3           3                    2  3     1  2  3  4     2       
                                                               
 
The Engystomid   are Toads without neck glands and with the tongue tied in 
front  They are most abundant in the Oriental and Neotropical regions  
especially in the latter  which contains about half the known species  with 
isolated species in Australia  Africa  and the Southern States of North 
America  They appear to be the remnant of a once extensive and universally 
distributed group  which has maintained itself in two remote regions  but 
is dying out everywhere else  The genera are    
 
 Engystoma   9 sp    Carolina to La Plata  with one species in South China  
 Diplopelma   3 sp    South India to China and Java   Cacopus   2 sp    
Central India   Glyphoglossus   1 sp    Pegu   Callula   4 sp    Sikhim  
Ceylon  China  and Borneo   Brachymerus   1 sp    South Africa   Adenomera  
 1 sp    Brazil   Pachybatrachus   1 sp    Australia   Breviceps   2 sp    
South and West Africa   Chelydobatrachus   1 sp    West Australia  
 Hypopachus   1 sp    Costa Rica   Rhinoderma   1 sp    Chili   Atelopus  
 1 sp    Cayenne and Peru   Copea   1 sp    South America   Paludicola   1 
sp    New Granada  
 
 
FAMILY 13   BOMBINATORID     8 Genera  9 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2                    1  2                                         4 
                                                               
 
The Bombinatorid   are a family of Frogs which have imperfect ears and no 
neck glands  and they have a very peculiar and  417 interesting 
distribution  being confined to Central and South Europe  the southern part 
of South America  and New Zealand  They consist of many isolated groups 
forming five separate sub families  The genera are    
 
 Bombinator   Central Europe and Italy   Pelobates  and  Didocus   Central 
Europe and Spain   Telmatobius   2 sp    Peru and Brazil   Alsodes   Chonos 
Archipelago   Cacotus   Chili   Liopelma   New Zealand   Nannophryne   
Straits of Magellan  
 
 
FAMILY 14   PLECTROMANTID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1                                                                       
                                                               
 
The Plectromantid    which are Frogs with neck glands  and the toes but not 
the fingers dilated  consists of a single species of the genus 
 Plectromantis   It inhabits the region west of the Andes  and south of the 
Equator  
 
 
FAMILY 15   ALYTID     5 Genera  37 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2        1  2  3     1           1  2  3                 1  2       
                                                               
 
The Alytid   are Frogs with neck glands and undilated toes  They are most 
abundant in the Ethiopian region  with a few species in the Nearctic and 
Australian regions  and one in Europe and Brazil respectively  The genera 
are    
 
 Alytes   1 sp    Central Europe   Scaphiopus   5 sp    California to 
Mexico and the Eastern States   Hyperolius   29 sp    all Africa  and two 
in New Guinea and North Australia   Helioporus   1 sp    in Australia  
 Nattereria   1 sp    Brazil  
 
 
 418 FAMILY 16   PELODRYAD     3 Genera  7 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2                                                        1  2       
                                                               
 
The Pelodryad   are Tree Frogs with neck glands  and are confined to the 
Australian and Neotropical regions  The genera are    
 
 Phyllomedusa   3 sp    South America to Paraguay   Chirodryas   Australia  
and  Pelodryas   3 sp    Moluccas  New Guinea and Australia  
 
 
FAMILY 17   HYLID     11 Genera  94 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3                       3     1  2       
                                                               
 
The Hylid   are glandless Tree Frogs with a broadened sacrum  They are most 
abundant in the Neotropical region  which contains more than two thirds of 
the species  about twenty species are Australian  six or seven are 
Nearctic  reaching northward to Great Bear Lake  while one only is 
European  and one Oriental  The genera are    
 
 Hyla   62 sp    having the range of the whole family   Hylella   1 sp    
 Ololygon   1 sp     Pohlia   2 sp     Triprion   1 sp     Opisthodelphys  
 1 sp    and  Nototrema   4 sp    are South American  while 
 Trachycephalus   8 sp    is peculiar to the Antilles  except one South 
American species   Pseudacris   1 sp    ranges from Georgia  United States  
to Great Bear Lake   Litoria   7 sp    is Australian and Papuan  except one 
species in Paraguay   Ceratohyla   4 sp    is only known from Ecuador  
 
 
 419 FAMILY 18   POLYPEDATID     24 Genera  124 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4        3           3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3    
                                                               
 
The Polypedatid    or glandless Tree Frogs with narrowed sacrum  are almost 
equally numerous in the Oriental and Neotropical regions  more than forty 
species inhabiting each  while in the Ethiopian there are about half this 
number  and the remainder are scattered over the other three regions  as 
shown in the enumeration of the genera    
 
 Ixalus   16 sp    Oriental  except one in Japan  and one in Western 
Polynesia   Rhacophorus   7 sp    and  Theloderma   1 sp    are Oriental  
 Hylarana   10 sp    Oriental  to the Solomon Islands and Tartary  Nicobar 
Islands  West Africa  and Madagascar   Megalixalus   1 sp    Seychelle 
Islands   Leptomantis   1 sp    Philippines   Platymantis   5 sp    New 
Guinea  Philippines  and Fiji Islands   Cornufer   2 sp    Java and New 
Guinea   Polypedates   19 sp    mostly Oriental  but two species in West 
Africa  one Madagascar  two Japan  one Loo Choo Islands  and one Hong Kong  
 Hylambates   3 sp     Hemimantis   1 sp    and  Chiromantis   1 sp    are 
Ethiopian   Rappia   13 sp    is Ethiopian  and extends to Madagascar and 
the Seychelle Islands   Acris   2 sp    is North American   Elosia   1 
sp     Epirhixis   1 sp     Phyllobates   9 sp     Hylodes   26 sp    
 Hyloxalus   1 sp     Pristimantis   1 sp     Crossodactylus   1 sp    
 Calostethus   1 sp     Strabomantis   1 sp    and  Leiyla   1 sp    are 
Neotropical  the last two being Central American  while species of 
 Hylodes  and  Phyllobates  are found in the West Indian Islands  
 
 
 420 FAMILY 19   RANID     26 Genera  150 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2       
                                                               
 
The Ranid    or true Frogs  are characterised by having simple undilated 
toes  but neither neck glands nor dilated sacrum  They are almost 
cosmopolitan  extending to the extreme north and south from the North Cape 
to Patagonia  and they are equally at home in the tropics  They are perhaps 
most abundant in South America  where a large number of the genera and 
species are found  the Ethiopian region comes next  while they are rather 
less abundant in the Oriental and Australian regions  the Nearctic region 
has much less  about 12 species   while the Pal  arctic has only five  and 
these two northern regions only possess the single genus  Rana   The genera 
are distributed as follows    
 
 Rana   60 sp    ranges all over the world  except Australia and South 
America  although it extends into New Guinea and into Mexico and Central 
America  it is most abundant in Africa   Pyxicephalus   7 sp    extends 
over the whole Ethiopian region  Hindostan  the Himalayas  and Japan  
 Cystignathus   22 sp    is mainly Neotropical  but has three species 
Ethiopian  All the other genera are confined to single regions  The 
Neotropical genera are    Odontophrynus   1 sp     Pseudis   1 sp    
 Pithecopsis   1 sp     Ensophleus   1 sp     Limnocharis   1 sp    
 Hemiphractus   1 sp    all Tropical South American east of Andes  
 Ceratophrys   5 sp    Panama to La Plata   Cycloramphus   1 sp    West 
Ecuador and Chili   Pleurodema   6 sp    Venezuela to Patagonia  
 Leiuperus   12 sp    Mexico and St  Domingo to Patagonia   Hylorhina   1 
sp    Chiloe  The Australian genera are    Myxophyes   1 sp    Queensland  
 Platyplectrum   2 sp    Queensland and West Australia   Neobatrachus   1 
sp    South Australia   Limnodynastes   7 sp    and  Crinia   11 sp    
Australia and Tasmania  The  421 Oriental genera are    Dicroglossus   1 
sp    Western Himalayas   Oxyglossus   2 sp    Siam to Java  Philippines 
and China   Hoplobatrachus   1 sp    Ceylon   Phrynoglossus   1 sp    Siam  
The Ethiopian genera are    Phrynobatrachus   1 sp     Stenorhynchus   1 
sp    both from Natal  
 
 
FAMILY 20   DISCOGLOSSID     14 Genera  18 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2                    1  2  3  4     2  3        2  3  4  1  2       
                                                               
 
The Discoglossid    or Frogs with a dilated sacrum  are remarkable for the 
number of generic forms scattered over a large part of the globe  being 
only absent from the Nearctic and the northern half of the Neotropical 
regions  and also from Hindostan and East Africa  The genera are    
 
 Chiroleptes   4 sp    Australia   Calyplocephalus   1 sp    allied to the 
preceding  from Chili   Cryptotis   1 sp    Australia   Asterophys   2 
sp    New Guinea and Aru Islands   Xenophrys   1 sp    Eastern Himalayas  
 Megalophrys   2 sp    Ceylon and the Malay Islands   Nannophrys   1 sp    
Ceylon   Pelodytes   1 sp    France only   Leptobrachium   1 sp    Java  
 Discoglossus   1 sp    Vienna to Algiers   Laprissa   1 sp     Latonia   1 
sp    Pal  arctic region   Arthroleptis   2 sp    West Africa and the Cape  
 Grypiscus   1 sp    South Brazil  
 
 
FAMILY 21   PIPID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2                                                                    
                                                               
 
 422 The Pipid   are toads without a tongue or maxillary teeth  and with 
enormously dilated sacrum  The only species of  Pipa  is a native of 
Guiana  
 
 
FAMILY 22   DACTYLETHRID     1 Genus  2 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                      1  2  3                             
                                                               
 
The Dactylethrid   are Toads with maxillary teeth but no tongue  and with 
enormously dilated sacrum  The species of  Dactylethra  are natives of 
West  East  and South Africa  
 
 
 General Remarks on the Distribution of the Amphibia   
 
The Amphibia  as here enumerated  consist of 22 families  152 genera  and 
nearly 700 species  Many of the families have a very limited range  only 
two  Ranid   and Polypedatid    being nearly universal  five more extend each 
into five regions  while no less than thirteen of the families are confined 
to one  two  or three regions each  By far the richest region is the 
Neotropical  possessing 16 families  four of them peculiar  and about 50 
peculiar or very characteristic genera  Next comes the Australian  with 11 
families  one of which is peculiar  and 16 peculiar genera  The Nearctic 
region has no less than 9 of the families  two of them peculiar to it  and 
15 peculiar genera  13 of which are tailed Batrachians which have here 
their metropolis  The other three regions have 9 families each  the 
Pal  arctic has no peculiar family but no less than 15 peculiar genera  the 
Ethiopian 1 family and 12 genera peculiar to it  and the Oriental  19 
genera but no family confined to it  
 
It is evident  therefore  that each of the regions is well characterised by 
its peculiar forms of Amphibia  there being only a few genera  such as 
 Hyla    Rana   and  Bufo  which have a wide range  The connection of the 
Australian and Neotropical  423 regions is well shown in this group  by the 
Phryniscid    Hylid    and Discoglossid    which present allied forms in both  
as well as by the genus  Liopelma  of New Zealand  allied to the 
Bombinatorid   of South America  and the absence of the otherwise 
cosmopolitan genus  Rana  from both continents  The affinity of the 
Nearctic and Pal  arctic regions is shown by the Proteid    which are 
confined to them  as well as by the genus  Triton  and almost the whole of 
the extensive family of the Salamandrid    The other regions are also well 
differentiated  and there is no sign of a special Ethiopian Amphibian fauna 
extending over the peninsula of India  or of the Oriental and Pal  arctic 
regions merging into each other  except by means of genera of universal 
distribution  
 
 Fossil Amphibia    The extinct Labyrinthodontia form a separate order  
which existed from the Carboniferous to the Triassic period  No other 
remains of this class are found till we reach the Tertiary formation  when 
Newts and Salamanders as well as Frogs and Toads occur  most frequently in 
the Miocene deposits  The most remarkable is the  Andrias scheuchzeri  from 
the Miocene of Oeningen  which is allied to  Sieboldia maxima  the great 
salamander of Japan  
 
 
 
 
 424 CHAPTER XX  
 
THE DISTRIBUTION OF THE FAMILIES OF FISHES  WITH THE RANGE OF SUCH GENERA 
AS INHABIT FRESH WATER  
 
 
 
SUB CLASS I   TELEOSTEI  
 
 Order I   ACANTHOPTERYGII   
 
FAMILY 1   GASTEROSTEID     1 Genus  11 Species   
 
 Fresh water or marine scaleless fishes  with elongate compressed bodies 
and with isolated spines before the dorsal fin   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Pal  arctic and Nearctic regions  
 
The species of  Gasterosteus   commonly called Sticklebacks  are found in 
rivers  lakes  estuaries  and seas  as far south as Italy and Ohio  Four 
species occur in Britain  
 
 
FAMILY 2   BERYCID     10 Genera  55 Species   
 
 Marine fishes  with elevated compressed bodies covered with toothed 
scales  and large eyes   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Tropical and temperate seas of both hemispheres  
 
Their northern limit is the Mediterranean and Japan  Most abundant in the 
Malayan seas  
 
 
 425 FAMILY 3   PERCID     61 Genera  476 Species   
 
 Marine or fresh water carnivorous fishes  with oblong bodies covered with 
toothed scales   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Seas  rivers and lakes  of all regions  
 
The genera which inhabit fresh waters are the following    
 
 Perca   3 sp    inhabits the Nearctic and Pal  arctic regions as far south 
as Ohio and Switzerland  one species  the common perch  is British  
 Percichthys   5 sp    Chili and Patagonia  with one species in Java  
 Paralabrax   2 sp    California   Labrax   8 sp    six species are marine  
inhabiting the shores of Europe and North America  one being British  two 
species inhabit the rivers of the northern United States   Lates   2 sp    
Nile and large rivers of India and China   Acerina   3 sp    Europe  from 
England to Russia and Siberia   Percarina   1 sp    River Dniester  
 Lucioperca   6 sp    North America and Europe   Pileoma   2 sp    North 
America  Texas to Lake Erie   Boleosoma   3 sp    Texas to Lake Superior  
 Aspro   2 sp    Central Europe   Huro   1 sp    Lake Huron   Percilia    1 
sp    Rio de Maypu in Chili   Centrarchus   10 sp    North America and 
Cuba   Bryttus   8 sp    South Carolina to Texas   Pomotis   8 sp    North 
America  Lake Erie to Texas  
 
Of the exclusively marine genera a species of  Polyprion  and one of 
 Serranus  are British  The latter genus has nearly 150 species spread over 
the globe  but is most abundant in the Tropics   Mesoprion  is another 
extensive genus confined to the Tropics   Apogon  abounds from the Red Sea 
to the Pacific  but has one species in the Mediterranean and one in the 
coast of Brazil  
 
 
FAMILY 4   APHREDODERID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
 Fresh water fish  with oblong body covered with toothed scales  and wide 
cleft mouth   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Atlantic States of North America  
 
 
 426 FAMILY 5   PRISTIPOMATID     25 Genera  206 Species   
 
 Marine carnivorous fishes  with compressed oblong bodies  and without 
molar or cutting teeth   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Seas of temperate and tropical regions  a few only entering 
fresh water  
 
Of the more extensive genera  nine  comprising more than half the species  
are confined to the Indian and Australian seas  while only one large genus 
  H  mulon   is found in the Atlantic on the coast of Tropical America  The 
extensive Pacific genus   Diagramma   has one species in the Mediterranean  
One genus is confined to the Macquarie River in Australia  A species of 
 Dentex  has occurred on the English coast  and this seems to be the 
extreme northern range of the family  which does not regularly extend 
beyond the coast of Portugal  and in the East to Japan  Australia seems to 
form the southern limit  
 
 
FAMILY 6   MULLID     5 Genera  34 Species   
 
 Marine fishes  with elongate slightly compressed bodies covered with large 
scales  and two dorsal fins at a distance from each other   
 
DISTRIBUTION   All tropical seas  except the West Coast of America  
extending into temperate regions as far as the Baltic  Japan  and New 
Zealand  
 
Two species of  Mullus   Mullets  are British  and these are the only 
European fish belonging to the family  
 
 
FAMILY 7   SPARID     22 Genera  117 Species   
 
 Herbivorous or carnivorous marine fishes  with oblong compressed bodies 
covered with minutely serrated scales  and with one dorsal fin   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Seas of temperate and tropical regions  a few entering 
rivers  
 
 427  Cantharus    Pagellus   and  Chrysophrys   have occurred on the 
English Coast   Haplodactylus  is confined to the West Coast of South 
America  and Australia   Sargus  to the temperate and warm parts of the 
Atlantic and the shores of East Africa   Pagellus  to the western coasts of 
Europe and Africa  
 
The other large genera have a wider distribution  
 
 
FAMILY 8   SQUAMIPENNES   12 Genera  124 Species   
 
 Carnivorous marine fishes  with compressed and elevated bodies  and scaly 
vertical fins   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The seas between the tropics  most abundant in the Oriental 
and Australian regions  a few entering rivers or extending beyond the 
tropics  
 
The extensive genus  Ch  todon   67 sp    ranges from the Red Sea to the 
Sandwich Islands  and from Japan to Western Australia  while two species 
are found in the West Indies   Holacanthus   36 sp    has a similar 
distribution  one species only occurring in the West Indies and on the 
coast of South America  Only one genus   Pomacanthus    with a single 
species  is confined to the West Atlantic  
 
 
FAMILY 9   CIRRHITID     8 Genera  34 Species   
 
 Carnivorous marine fishes  with a compressed oblong body  covered with 
cycloid scales   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The tropical and south temperate waters of the Indian and 
Pacific oceans  from Eastern Africa to Western America  Absent from the 
Atlantic  
 
 
FAMILY 10   TRIGLID     50 Genera  259 Species   
 
 Carnivorous  mostly marine fishes  with oblong compressed or 
subcylindrical bodies  and wide cleft mouths  They live at the bottom of 
the water   
 
DISTRIBUTION   All seas  some entering fresh water  and a few inhabiting 
exclusively the fresh waters of the Arctic regions  
 
 428 They are divided by Dr  G  nther into four groups  The Heterolepidina 
 comprising 4 genera and 12 species  are confined to the North Pacific  The 
Scorp  nina  23 genera  113 species  have an almost universal distribution  
but the genera are each restricted to one or other of the great oceans  
 Sebastes  has occurred on the English coast  The Cottina  28 genera  110 
species  have also a universal distribution  the numerous species of 
 Cottus  are found either in the seas or fresh waters of Europe and North 
America  four species are British  as well as seven species of the 
wide spread genus  Trigla    Ptyonotus   1 sp   is confined to Lake 
Ontario  The Cataphracti  5 genera  23 species  have also a wide range  one 
genus   Agonus   is found in the British seas  and also in Kamschatka and 
on the coast of Chili   Peristethus  is also British  
 
 
FAMILY 11   TRACHINID    24 Genera  90 Species   
 
 Carnivorous marine fishes  with elongate bodies  living at the bottom  
near the shore   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Almost or quite universal  
 
 Trachinus  is a British genus  A species of  Aphritis  inhabits the fresh 
waters of Tasmania  while its two allies are found on the coasts of 
Patagonia  
 
 
FAMILY 12  SCI  NID     13 Genera  102 Species   
 
 Marine or fresh water fishes  with compressed and rather elongate bodies  
covered with toothed scales   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Temperate and tropical regions  but absent from Australia  
 
 Larimus  is found in the Atlantic  and in African and American rivers  
 Corvina    Sci  na   and  Otilothus  are also marine and fresh water  both 
in the Atlantic and Pacific  The other genera are of small extent and more 
restricted range   Umbrina  and  Sci  na  have occurred in British seas  
 
 
 429 FAMILY 13   POLYNEMID     3 Genera  23 Species   
 
 Marine or fresh water fishes  with compressed oblong bodies and entire or 
ciliated scales   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Tropical seas and rivers of both the great oceans  but most 
abundant in the Pacific  
 
 
FAMILY 14   SPHYRENID     1 Genus  15 Species   
 
 Carnivorous marine fishes  with elongate sub cylindrical bodies covered 
with small cycloid scales   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The warm and tropical seas of the globe  
 
 
FAMILY 15   TRICHIURID     7 Genera  18 Species   
 
 Marine fishes  with elongate compressed bodies covered with minute scales 
or naked   
 
DISTRIBUTION   All the tropical and sub tropical seas  
 
 
FAMILY 16   SCOMBRID     20 Genera  108 Species   
 
 Marine fishes  with elongate compressed bodies  scaled or naked   
 
DISTRIBUTION   All the temperate and tropical oceans  Mostly inhabiting the 
open seas  
 
 Scomber    the Mackerel   Thynnus    Naucrates    Zeus    Centrolophus   
 Brama   and  Lampris   are genera which have occurred in the British seas  
 
 
FAMILY 17   CARANGID     27 Genera  171 Species   
 
 Marine fishes  with compressed oblong or elevated bodies covered with 
small scales or naked   
 
DISTRIBUTION   All temperate and tropical seas  some species occur in both 
the great oceans  ranging from New York to Australia  
 
 Trachurus  and  Capros  are genera which occur in British seas  
 
 
 430 FAMILY 18   XIPHIID     2 Genera  8 Species   
 
 Marine fishes  with elongate compressed body and a produced sword shaped 
upper jaw   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Mediterranean  and open seas between or near the Tropics  
 
 Xiphias   the Sword fish  has occurred on the English coast  
 
 
FAMILY 19   GOBIID     24 Genera  294 Species   
 
 Carnivorous fishes  with elongate low  naked  or scaly bodies  living at 
the bottom of the shallow seas or fresh waters of temperate or tropical 
regions  Individuals of the same species often differ in inhabiting 
exclusively fresh or salt water   
 
DISTRIBUTION   All temperate and tropical regions  from Scotland and Japan 
to New Zealand  Species of  Gobius    Latrunculus   and  Callionymus  occur 
in Britain  Several genera are confined to the East Indian seas and rivers  
but none seem peculiar to America  The genus  Periopthalmus  consists of 
the curious  large headed  projecting eyed fishes  so abundant on the muddy 
shores of African and Eastern tidal rivers  and which seem to spend most of 
their time out of water  hunting after insects   c  
 
 
FAMILY 20   DISCOBOLI   2 Genera  11 Species   
 
 Carnivorous fishes  with oblong naked or tubercular bodies  living at the 
bottom of shallow seas  and attaching themselves to rocks by means of a 
ventral disc   
 
DISTRIBUTION   All northern seas  as far south as Belgium  England  and San 
Francisco  
 
Species of both genera   Cyclopterus  and  Liparis   occur in British seas  
 
 
 431 FAMILY 21   OXUDERCID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
 A marine fish  with an elongate sub cylindrical body and no ventral fins   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Macao  China  
 
 
FAMILY 22   BATRACHID     3 Genera  12 Species   
 
 Marine fishes  with sub cylindrical body and broad depressed head   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The coasts of nearly all tropical and south temperate 
regions  ranging from New York and Portugal to Chili and Tasmania  
 
 
FAMILY 23   PEDICULATI   8 Genera  40 Species   
 
 Marine carnivorous fishes  with very large heads and without scales   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Seas of all temperate and tropical regions  extending south 
to New Zealand and north to Greenland  
 
A species of  Lophius   the Fishing frog or Sea Devil  is found in British 
seas  The genus  Antennarius   comprising two thirds of the species  is 
wholly tropical  
 
 
FAMILY 24   BLENNID     33 Genera  201 Species   
 
 Carnivorous fishes  with long sub cylindrical naked bodies  living at the 
bottom of shallow water in seas  or tidal rivers   
 
DISTRIBUTION   All seas from the Arctic regions to New Zealand  Chili  and 
the Cape of Good Hope  
 
Species of  Anarrhichas    Blennius    Blenniops    Centronotus  and 
 Zoarces  occur in British seas   Chasmodes   3 sp   is confined to the 
Atlantic coasts of Temperate North America   Petroscirtes   26 sp   to the 
tropical parts of the Indian and Pacific Oceans  and  Stich  us   9 sp   to 
the Arctic Seas  
 
 
 432 FAMILY 25   ACANTHOCLINID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
 A carnivorous marine fish  with long flat body and very long dorsal fin   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Coasts of New Zealand  
 
 
FAMILY 26   COMEPHORID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
 An elongate  naked  large headed fish  with two dorsal fins   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Lake Baikal  
 
Dr  G  nther remarks  that this fish approaches the Scombrina  Mackerel  in 
several characters  These are exclusively marine fishes  while Lake Baikal 
is fresh water  and is situated among mountains  at an elevation of nearly 
2000 feet  and more than a thousand miles from the ocean  
 
 
FAMILY 27   TRACHYPTERID     3 Genera  16 Species   
 
 Deep sea fishes  with elongate  much compressed  naked bodies   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Europe  East Indies  West Coast of South America  New 
Zealand  Dr  G  nther remarks  that little is known of these fishes  from 
their being so seldom thrown on shore  and then rapidly decomposing  The 
Ribbon fish   Regalecus banksii   has occurred frequently on our shores  
They have soft bones and muscles  small mouths  and weak dentition  
 
 
FAMILY 28   LOPHOTID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
 A marine fish  with elongate compressed naked body  and high crested 
head   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Mediterranean Sea and Japan  
 
 
 433 FAMILY 29   TEUTHIDID     1 Genus  29 Species   
 
 Marine  herbivorous fishes  with compressed  oblong  small scaled bodies   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Eastern tropical seas  from Bourbon and the Red Sea to the 
Marianne and Fiji Islands  
 
 
FAMILY 30   ACRONURID     5 Genera  64 Species   
 
 Marine  herbivorous fishes  with compressed  minutely scaled bodies   
 
DISTRIBUTION   All tropical seas  but most abundant in the Malay region  
and extending to Japan and New Zealand  
 
 
FAMILY 31   HOPLEGNATHID     1 Genus  3 Species   
 
 Marine fishes  with compressed elevated bodies  covered with very small 
toothed scales   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Seas of Australia  China  and Japan  
 
 
FAMILY 32   MALACANTHID     1 Genus  3 Species   
 
 Marine fishes  with elongate bodies covered with very small scales  and 
with very long dorsal and anal fins   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Atlantic coasts of Tropical America  Mauritius  and New 
Guinea  
 
 
FAMILY 33   NANDID     6 Genera  14 Species   
 
 Marine or fresh water carnivorous fishes  with oblong  compressed  scaly 
bodies   
 
DISTRIBUTION   From the Red Sea to the coasts of China and Australia  and 
the fresh waters of the Neotropical and Oriental regions   Badis   
 Nandus   and  Catopra  inhabit the  434 rivers of India and the Malay 
Islands   Acharnes  the rivers of British Guiana  
 
 
FAMILY 34   POLYCENTRID     2 Genera  3 Species   
 
 Fresh water carnivorous fishes  with compressed elevated scaly bodies  and 
many spined dorsal and anal fins   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Rivers of Tropical America  
 
 
FAMILY 35   LABYRINTHICI   9 Genera  25 Species   
 
 Fresh water fishes  with compressed oblong bodies  and capable of living 
for some time out of water or in dried mud   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Fresh waters of South Africa and the East Indies from the 
Mauritius to China  the Philippines  Celebes  and Amboyna  
 
 
FAMILY 36   LUCIOCEPHALID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
 Fresh water fish  with elongate scaled body  and a dilated branchial 
membrane   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Rivers of Borneo  Biliton  and Banca  
 
 
FAMILY 37   ATHERINID     3 Genera  39 Species   
 
 Marine or fresh water carnivorous fishes  with subcylindrical scaled 
bodies  and feeble dentition   
 
DISTRIBUTION   All temperate and tropical seas  from Scotland and New York 
to the Straits of Magellan and Tasmania  
 
 Atherina presbyter  occurs in British seas  Species of  Atherina  and 
 Atherinichthis  are found in fresh water lakes and rivers in Europe  
America  and Australia  
 
 
 435 FAMILY 38   MUGILID     3 Genera  78 Species   
 
 Fresh water and marine fishes  with oblong compressed bodies  cycloid 
scales  and small mouths  often without teeth   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Coasts and fresh waters of all temperate and tropical 
regions  
 
 Mugil   66 sp   is mostly marine  and is very widely distributed  several 
species  Grey Mullets  occur on the British coasts   Agonostoma   9 sp   is 
confined to the fresh waters of the West Indies  Central America  New 
Zealand  Australia  Celebes  and the Comoro Islands   Myxus   3 sp   is 
marine  and occurs both in the Atlantic and Pacific  
 
 
FAMILY 39   OPHIOCEPHALID     2 Genera  26 Species   
 
 Fresh water fishes  with elongate subcylindrical scaled bodies  often 
leaving the water for a considerable time   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Rivers of the Oriental region   India  Ceylon  China  Malay 
Islands to Philippines and Borneo  
 
 
FAMILY 40   TRICHONOTID     2 Genera  2 Species   
 
 Marine carnivorous fishes  with elongate subcylindrical bodies  cycloid 
scales  and eyes directed upwards   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Coasts of Celebes  Ceram  and New Zealand  
 
 
FAMILY 41   CEPOLID     1 Genus  7 Species   
 
 Marine fishes  with very long  compressed  band like bodies  covered with 
small cycloid scales   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Temperate seas of Western Europe and Eastern Asia  and one 
species in the Malayan Seas  
 
 Cepola rubescens   the Band fish  ranges from Scotland to the 
Mediterranean  All the other species but one are from Japan  
 
 
 436 FAMILY 42   GOBIESOCID     9 Genera  21 Species   
 
 Carnivorous marine fishes  elongate  anteriorly depressed and scaleless  
with dorsal fin on the tail   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Temperate and tropical seas  Scandinavia to the Cape  
California to Chili  West Indies  Red Sea  Australia  New Zealand  and Fiji 
Islands  
 
Three species of  Lepadogaster  have occurred in the English Channel  
 
 
FAMILY 43   PSYCHROLUTID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
 A large headed  elongate  naked marine fish  with small teeth  and dorsal 
fin on the tail   
 
DISTRIBUTION   West Coast of North America  Vancouver s Island   
 
FAMILY 44   CENTRISCID     2 Genera  7 Species   
 
 Marine fishes  with compressed  oblong or elevated bodies  elongate 
tubular mouth and no teeth   
 
DISTRIBUTION   West Coast of Europe and Africa  Mediterranean  Indian Ocean 
to Java  Philippines  and Japan  
 
A species of  Centriscus  has occurred on the South Coast of England  and 
another species is found both at Madeira and Japan  
 
 
FAMILY 45   FISTULARID     2 Genera  4 Species   
 
 Marine fishes  very elongate  with long tubular mouth and small teeth   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Tropical seas  both in the Atlantic and Indian Ocean  and as 
far east as the New Hebrides  
 
 
 437 FAMILY 46   MASTACEMBELID     2 Genera  9 Species   
 
 Fresh water fishes  with eel like bodies and very long dorsal fin   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Rivers of the Oriental region  one species from Ceram      
 
 
FAMILY 47   NOTACANTHI   1 Genus  5 Species   
 
 Marine fishes  with elongate bodies covered with very small scales  and 
snout protruding beyond the mouth   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Greenland  Mediterranean  and West Australia  
 
 
 Order II   ACANTHOPTERYGII PHARYNGOGNATHI   
 
 
FAMILY 48   POMACENTRID     8 Genera  143 Species   
 
 Marine fishes  with short compressed bodies covered with toothed scales  
and with feeble dentition   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Tropical parts of Pacific and Indian Ocean  less numerous in 
Tropical Atlantic  a few reaching the Mediterranean  Japan  and South 
Australia   Pomacentrus    Glyphidodon   and  Heliastes  are Atlantic 
genera  
 
 
FAMILY 49   LABRID     46 Genera  396 Species   
 
 Herbivorous or carnivorous marine fishes  with elongate bodies covered 
with cycloid scales  and teeth adapted for crushing the shells of 
mollusca   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Temperate and tropical regions of all parts of the globe  
 
The genera  Labrus    Crenilabrus    Ctenolabrus    Acantholabrus   
 Centrolabrus   and  Coris   have occurred in British seas  and all of 
 438 these  except the last  are confined to the Mediterranean and the 
Atlantic as far as Madeira  Eight other genera are characteristic of the 
Atlantic  most of them being West Indian  but one from the coasts of North 
America  Seven genera are common to all the great oceans  the remainder 
being confined to the Indian and Pacific Oceans  ranging from Japan to New 
Zealand  but being far more abundant between the Tropics  
 
 
FAMILY 50   EMBROTOCID     2 Genera  17 Species   
 
 Marine viviparous fishes  with compressed elevated bodies covered with 
cycloid scales  and with small teeth   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Pacific Ocean from Japan and California northwards  One 
species enters the fresh waters of California  
 
 
FAMILY 51   GERRID     1 Genus  28 Species   
 
 Marine fishes  with compressed oblong bodies covered with minutely 
serrated scales  and with small teeth   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Tropical seas  ranging south as far as the Cape of Good Hope 
and Australia  and north to Japan and  one species  to New Jersey  U S  
 
 
FAMILY 52   CHROMID     19 Genera  100 Species   
 
 Fresh water herbivorous or carnivorous fishes  with elevated or elongate 
scaly bodies  and small teeth   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The Oriental  Ethiopian  and Neotropical regions  
 
 Eutroplus   2 sp   is from the rivers of Southern India and Ceylon  
 Chromis   15 sp     Sarotherodon   2 sp    and  Hemichromis   4 sp    are 
from the rivers and lakes of Africa  extending to the Sahara and Palestine  
The remaining 15 genera are American  and several of them have a restricted 
distribution   Acara   17 sp   inhabits Tropical South America and the 
Antilies   Theraps   1 sp    Guatemala   Heros   26 sp    Texas and 
 439 Mexico to La Plata   Mesonauta   1 sp    Brazil   Petenia   1 sp    
Lake Peten  Guatemala   Uaru   2 sp    Brazil   Hygrogonus   1 sp    
Brazil   Cichla   4 sp    Equatorial America   Crenicichla   9 sp    Brazil 
and Guiana   Ch  tobranchus   3 sp    Brazil and Guiana   Mesops   2 sp    
Brazil   Satanoperca   7 sp    Amazon Valley and Guiana   Geophagus   1 
sp    North Brazil and Guiana   Symphysodon   1 sp    Lower Amazon  
 Pterophyllum   1 sp    Lower Amazon  
 
 
 Order III   ANACANTHINI   
 
 
FAMILY 53   GADOPSID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
 Fresh water fish  with rather elongate body covered with very small 
scales  the upper jaw overhanging the lower  forming an obtuse snout   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Rivers of Australia and Tasmania  
 
 
FAMILY 53 a    LYCODID     3 Genera  14 Species   
 
 Marine fishes  with elongate bodies  and the dorsal united with the anal 
fin   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Arctic seas of America and Greenland  and Antarctic seas 
about the Falkland Islands and Chiloe Island  
 
 
FAMILY 54   GADID     21 Genera  58 Species   
 
 Marine fishes  with more or less elongate bodies covered with small smooth 
scales   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Cold and temperate regions of both hemispheres  in the North 
extending as far south as the Mediterranean  Canary Islands  New York and 
Japan  and one species to the Philippines and Bay of Bengal   and in the 
South to Chili and New Zealand  
 
 Gadus   Cod    Merluccius   Hake    Phycis    Lota    Molva    Couchia   
 Motella   and  Raniceps   are British   Lota  inhabits fresh waters  
 
 
 440 FAMILY 55   OPHIDIID     16 Genera  43 Species   
 
 Marine fishes  with more or less elongate bodies  the dorsal and anal fins 
united  and the ventral fins rudimentary or absent   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Almost universal  from Greenland to New Zealand  but most 
abundant in the Tropics  
 
 Ophidium  and  Ammodytes  occur in British seas   Lucifuga  inhabits 
subterranean fresh waters in Cuba  
 
 
FAMILY 56   MACROURID     3 Genera  21 Species   
 
 Marine fishes  with the body terminating in a long  compressed tapering 
tail  and covered with spiny  keeled or striated scales   
 
DISTRIBUTION   North Atlantic from Greenland to Madeira and the Canary 
Islands  Mediterranean  Japanese and Australian seas  
 
None of these fishes have occurred in the British seas  
 
 
FAMILY 57   ATELEOPODID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
 Marine fishes  with the naked body terminating in a long compressed  
tapering tail   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Japan  
 
 
FAMILY 58   PLEURONECTID     34 Genera  185 Species   
 
 Marine carnivorous fishes  with strongly compressed flat bodies  one side 
of which is colourless  and eyes unsymmetrically placed  both on the 
coloured side  They inhabit the sandy bottoms of shallow seas  and often 
ascend rivers   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Universal  on Arctic  Temperate  and Tropical coasts  
 
 441 Seven genera occur in British seas  viz    Hippoglossus   
 Hippoglossoides    Rhombus    Phrynorhombus    Arnoglossus   
 Pleuronectes   Turbot   and  Solea   Sole   There are 13 genera in the 
Atlantic and 23 in the Pacific  4 being common to both  and 2 found only in 
the Mediterranean  A Pacific genus   Synaptura   has one species in the 
Mediterranean  
 
 
 Order IV   PHYSOSTOMI   
 
 
FAMILY 59   SILURID     114 Genera  547 Species   
 
 Fresh water or marine  scaleless fishes  often with bony shields  and the 
head always furnished with barbels   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The fresh waters of all the temperate and tropical regions  
those which enter the salt water keeping near the coast  
 
This extensive family is divided by Dr  G  nther into eight sub families and 
seventeen groups  the distribution of which is as follows    
 
Sub family 1  SILURID   HOMALOPTER    is confined to the Old World  It 
consists of three groups  Clarina  2 genera   Clarias  and 
 Heterobranchus   ranges over the whole area of the Ethiopian and Oriental 
regions  to which it appears to be strictly confined  Plotosina  3 genera  
 Plotosus    Copidoglanis   and  Cnidoglanis   ranges from the eastern 
coasts of Africa to Japan  Polynesia  and Australia  in seas and rivers  
Chacina  1 genus   Chaca   ranges from India to Borneo  
 
Sub family 2  SILURID   HETEROPTER    is also confined to the Old World  it 
consists of one group   Silurina  containing 19 genera  
viz     Saccobranchus   4 sp    India to Cochin China and Ceylon   Silurus  
 5 sp    Pal  arctic region from Central Europe to Japan  China  and 
Afghanistan  and a species in Cochin China   Silurichthys   3 sp    
Cashmere  Java  and Borneo   Wallago   2 sp    Hindostan  Sumatra  and 
Borneo   Belodontichthys   1 sp    Sumatra and Borneo   Eutropiichthys   1 
sp    Bengal   Cryptopterus   442  15 sp    Java  Sumatra  and Borneo  with 
a species in the Ganges  in Siam  and     in Amboyna   Callichrous   10 
sp    Afghanistan to Borneo and Java   Schilbe   5 sp    Tropical Africa  
 Eutropius   6 sp    Tropical Africa and Central India   Hemisilurus   2 
sp    Java and Sumatra   Siluranodon   1 sp    Nile   Ailia   2 sp    
Bengal   Schilbichthys   1 sp    Bengal   La  s   1 sp    Java  Sumatra  
Borneo   Pseudeutropius   6 sp    India and Sumatra   Pangasius   7 sp    
Ganges  Sumatra  Java  Borneo   Helicophagus   2 sp    Sumatra   Silondia  
 1 sp    Ganges  
 
Sub family 3  SILURID   ANOMALOPTER    is confined to Equatorial America  it 
consists of the group Hypopthalmina  containing 2 genera   Helogenes   1 
sp     Hypopthalmus   4 sp    from the country north of the Amazon  
Surinam  and the Rio Negro  
 
Sub family 4  SILURID   PROTEROPTER    ranges over all the tropical and most 
of the temperate parts of the globe  except Europe and Australia  It 
consists of four groups  Bagrina  16 genera   ranging over most of the Old 
World and North America  Pimelodina  15 genera   confined to Tropical 
America  except one genus which is African  Ariina  10 genera   all 
Tropical regions  and Bagarina  3 genera   Oriental region  The 
distribution of the genera is as follows    
 
 Bagrus   2 sp    Nile   Chrysichthys   5 sp    Tropical Africa   Clarotes  
 1 sp    Upper Nile   Macrones   19 sp    India  Ceylon to Borneo  and one 
species in Asia Minor   Pseudobagrus   4 sp    Japan  China  and Cochin 
China   Liocassis   5 sp    Japan  China  Java  Sumatra  and Borneo  
 Bagroides   3 sp    Sumatra and Borneo   Bagrichthys   1 sp    Sumatra and 
Borneo   Rita   5 sp    Continental India and Manilla   Acrochordonichthys  
 6 sp    Java and Sumatra   Akysis   3 sp    Java and Sumatra   Olyra   1 
sp    Khasya   Branchiosteus   1 sp    Khasya   Amiurus   13 sp    Nearctic 
region to Guatemala and China   Hopladelus   1 sp    North America  
 Noturus   4 sp    North America   Sorubim   1 sp    Amazon   Platystoma  
 11 sp    Tropical South America   Hemisorubim   1 sp   Rio Negro  Brazil  
 Platistomatichthys   1 sp    Rio Branco  Brazil   Phractocephalus   1 
sp    Amazon   Piramutana   2 sp    Equatorial America   Platynematichthys  
 443  1 sp    northern and southern tributaries of Amazon   Piratinga   3 
sp    Amazon Valley   Sciades   2 sp    Amazon   Pimelodus   42 sp    
Mexico to La Plata  single aberrant species from West Africa  Java and the 
Sandwich Islands   Pirinampus   1 sp    Brazil   Conorhynchus   1 sp    
Brazil   Notoglanis   1 sp    Madeira  Amazon Valley   Callophysus   3 
sp    Tropical South America   Auchenaspis   1 sp    Tropical Africa  
 Arius   68 sp    all Tropical regions   Galeichthys   1 sp    Cape of Good 
Hope   Genidens   1 sp    Brazil   Hemipimelodus   3 sp    India  Sumatra  
and Borneo   Ketingus   1 sp    Sunda Islands     lurichthys   4 sp    
Eastern United States to Guiana   Paradiplomystax   1 sp    Brazil  
 Diplomystax   1 sp    Chili   Osteogeniosus   3 sp    India to Java  
 Batrachocephalus   1 sp    Java and Sumatra   Bagarius   1 sp    India to 
Java   Euclyptosternum   1 sp    India   Glyptosternum   8 sp    Himalayas  
Central India  Java  and Sumatra   Hara   3 sp    Continental India  
 Amblyceps   3 sp    Continental India  
 
Sub family 5  SILURID   STENOBRANCHI    is confined to South America and 
Africa  with one genus and species in the Ganges  It consists of three 
groups  Doradina  12 genera   South America and Africa  Rhinoglanina  3 
genera   Central Africa and the Ganges  Malapterurina  1 genus   Tropical 
Africa  The distribution of the genera is as follows    
 
 Ageniosus   4 sp    Surinam to La Plata   Tetranematichthys   1 sp    
Central Brazil  Rio Guapor     Euanemus   1 sp    Surinam and Brazil  
 Auchenipterus   9 sp    Equatorial America   Centromochlus   2 sp    
Equatorial America   Trachelyopterus   2 sp    Equatorial America  
 Cetopsis   3 sp    Brazil   Asterophysus   1 sp    Rio Negro  North 
Brazil   Doras   13 sp    Tropical South America east of Andes   Oxydoras  
 7 sp    Amazon Valley and Guiana   Rhinodoras   3 sp    Tropical South 
America east of Andes   Synodontis   12 sp    Tropical Africa  
 Rhinoglanis   1 sp    Upper Nile   Mochocus   1 sp    Nile   Callomystax  
 1 sp    Nile   Malapterurus   3 sp    Tropical Africa  
 
Sub family 6  SILURID   PROTEROPODES  inhabits Tropical America and Northern 
India as far as Tenasserim  It consists of two groups  the Hypostomatina 
 17 genera   with the same distribution as the sub family  and the 
Aspredinina  3 genera    444 confined to Equatorial America  The 
distribution of the genera is as follows    
 
 Arges   2 sp    Andes of Peru and Ecuador   Stygogenes   2 sp    Andes  
 Brontes   1 sp    Andes   Astroblepus   1 sp    Popayan   Callichthys   11 
sp    Tropical South America east of Andes  and Trinidad   Plecostomus   15 
sp    Tropical South America east of Andes  and Trinidad   Liposarcus   3 
sp    Surinam and Brazil   Ch  tostomus   25 sp    Tropical America  
Trinidad  and Porto Rico   Pterygoplichthys   4 sp    Brazil   Rhinelepis  
 1 sp    Brazil   Acanthicus   2 sp    Equatorial America   Loricaria   17 
sp    Tropical South America east of Andes   Acestra   4 sp    Brazil and 
Guiana   Sisor   1 sp    Northern Bengal   Erethistes   1 sp    Assam  
 Pseudecheneis   1 sp    Khasya Hills   Exostoma   2 sp    Assam and 
Tenasserim   Bunocephalus   2 sp    Guiana   Bunocephalichthys   1 sp    
Rio Branco  North Brazil   Aspredo   6 sp    Guiana  
 
Sub family 7  SILURID   OPISTHOPTER    consists of two groups  Nematogenyina 
 2 genera   and Trichomycterina  3 genera   and is confined to South 
America  The distribution of the genera is as follows    
 
 Heptapterus   2 sp    South America   Nematogenys   1 sp    Chili  
 Trichomycterus   7 sp    South America to 15 000 feet elevation  
 Eremophilus   1 sp    Andes of Bogota   Pariodon   1 sp    Amazon  
 
Sub family 8  SILURID   BRANCHICOL    is confined to Tropical South America  
It consists of one group  Stegophilina  and 2 genera   Stegophilus   1 
sp    Brazil  and  Vandellia   2 sp    Amazon Valley  
 
 
FAMILY 60  CHARACINID     47 Genera  230 Species   
 
 Fresh water fishes  with scaly bodies and without barbels   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The Neotropical and Ethiopian regions  
 
This extensive family is divided by Dr  G  nther into 10 groups  viz   
Erythrinina  5 genera   South America  Curumatina  445  6 genera   South 
America  Citharinina  1 genus   Tropical Africa  Anostomatina  3 genera   
South America  Tetragonopterina  16 genera   South America and Tropical 
Africa  Hydrocyonina  9 genera   Tropical America and Tropical Africa  
Distichodontina  1 genus   Tropical Africa  Icthyborina  1 genus   Africa  
Crenuchina  1 genus   Equatorial America  Serrasalmonina  4 genera   South 
America  
 
The following is the distribution of the genera    
 
 Macrodon   4 sp    Tropical America   Erythrinus   5 sp    Brazil and 
Guiana   Lebiasina   1 sp    West Equatorial America   Pyrrhulina   1 sp    
Guiana   Corynopoma   4 sp    Trinidad only   Curimatus   15 sp    Tropical 
South America and Trinidad   Prochilodus   12 sp    South America to the La 
Plata   C  ntropus   2 sp    East Equatorial America   Hemiodus   8 sp    
Equatorial America east of Andes   Saccodon   1 sp    Ecuador   Parodon   1 
sp    Brazil   Citharinus   2 sp    Tropical Africa   Anostomus   8 sp    
Tropical America   Rhytiodus   2 sp    Equatorial America   Leporinus   14 
sp    South America East of Andes   Piabucina   2 sp    Guiana   Alestes  
 4 sp    Tropical Africa   Brachyalestes   5 sp    Tropical Africa  
 Tetragonopterus   32 sp    Tropical America   Scissor   1 sp    South 
America   Pseudochalceus   1 sp    West Ecuador   Chirodon   2 sp    Chili  
 Chalceus   1 sp    Guiana   Brycon   10 sp    South America east of Andes  
 Chalcinopsis   4 sp    Central America and Ecuador   Bryconops   2 sp    
Tropical America   Creagrutus   1 sp    Western Ecuador   Chalcinus   4 
sp    Tropical South America   Gastropelecus   8 sp    Tropical South 
America   Piabuca   2 sp    Equatorial America   Agoniates   1 sp    
Guiana   Anacyrtus   7 sp    Central and South America   Hystricodon   1 
sp    Equatorial America   Salminus   3 sp    South America   Hydrocyon   3 
sp    Tropical Africa   Sarcodaces   1 sp    West Africa   Oligosarcus   1 
sp    Brazil   Xiphoramphus   7 sp    South America east of Andes  
 Xiphostoma   5 sp    Equatorial America east of Andes   Cynodon   3 sp    
Tropical America East of Andes   Distichodus   7 sp    Tropical Africa  
 Icthyborus   3 sp    Nile   Crenuchus   1 sp    Guiana   Mylesinus   1 
sp    Equatorial America   Serrasalmo   13 sp    Tropical South America 
east of Andes   Myletes   18 sp     446 Tropical South America east of 
Andes   Catoprion   1  sp    Brazil and Guiana  
 
 
FAMILY 61   HAPLOCHITONID     2 Genera  3 Species   
 
 Fresh water fishes  with naked or scaly bodies and without barbels   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Temperate South America and South Australia  
 
The genera are   Haplochiton   2 sp    Tierra del Fuego and the Falkland 
Islands   Prototroctes   2 sp    Southern Australia and New Zealand  
 
 
FAMILY 62   STERNOPTYCHID     6 Genera  12 Species   
 
 Marine fishes  with very thin deciduous scales or none  and with a row of 
phosphorescent spots or organs on the under surface of the body   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Mediterranean and Atlantic  
 
These are deep sea fishes found in the Mediterranean sea  and in the deep 
Atlantic from the coasts of Norway to the Azores and the Tropics  
 
 
FAMILY 63   SCOPELID     11 Genera  47 Species   
 
 Marine fishes  somewhat resembling the fresh water Silurid     
 
DISTRIBUTION   Almost universal  but most abundant in warm and tropical 
seas  
 
These are deep sea fishes  abounding in the Mediterranean and the great 
oceans  a few extending north to near Greenland and south to Tasmania  
 
 
 447 FAMILY 64   STOMIATID     4 Genera  8 Species   
 
 Small marine fishes  naked or with very fine scales   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The Mediterranean and Atlantic  
 
These are deep sea fishes  ranging from Greenland to beyond the Equator  
 
 
FAMILY 65   SALMONID    15 Genera  157 Species   
 
 Fresh water fishes  many species periodically descending to the sea and a 
few altogether marine   Salmon and Trout   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The Pal  arctic and Nearctic Regions  and one genus and 
species in New Zealand  A considerable number of species are confined to 
single lakes or rivers  others have a wide distribution  
 
The genera are distributed as follows    
 
 Salmo   83 sp    rivers and lakes of the Pal  arctic and Nearctic Regions  
as far south as Algeria  Asia Minor  the Hindoo Koosh and Kamschatka  and 
to about 38   North Latitude in North America  many of the species 
migratory   Onchorhynchus   8 sp    American and Asiatic rivers entering 
the Pacific  as far south as San Francisco and the Amur   Brachymystax   1 
sp    Siberian rivers  from Lake Baikal and the Atlai Mountains northwards  
 Luciotrutta   2 sp    Caspian Sea and Volga   Plecoglossus   1 sp    Japan 
and Formosa   Osmerus   3 sp    rivers of temperate Europe and North 
America entering the Atlantic  and one species in California  
 Thaleichthys   1 sp    Columbia River  Vancouver s Island   Hypomesus   1 
sp    coasts of California  Vancouver s Island  and North eastern Asia  
 Mallotus   1 sp    coasts of Arctic America from Greenland to Kamschatka  
 Retropinna   1 sp    fresh waters of New Zealand   Coregonus   41 sp    
fresh waters of northern parts of temperate Europe  Asia and North America  
many of the species migratory   Thymallus   6 sp    fresh waters of 
temperate parts of  448 Europe  Asia  and North America   Argentina   4 
sp    Mediterranean and deep seas of Western Europe   Microstoma   2 sp    
Mediterranean  and seas of Greenland   Salarix   2 sp    China and Japan  
in seas and rivers   Salmo    Osmerus    Coregonus   and  Thymallus   are 
British genera  
 
 
FAMILY 66   PERCOPSID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
 A fresh water fish covered with toothed scales   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Lake Superior  North America  
 
 
FAMILY 67   GALAXID     1 Genus  12 Species   
 
 Fresh water fishes  with neither scales nor barbels   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The temperate zone of the Southern Hemisphere  
 
The only genus   Galaxias   is found in New Zealand  Tasmania  and Tierra 
del Fuego  ranging north as far as Queensland and Chili  and one of the 
species is absolutely identical in the two regions  
 
 
FAMILY 68   MORMYRID     3 Genera  25 Species   
 
 Fresh water fishes  with scales on the body and tail but not on the head  
and no barbels   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The Ethiopian Region  
 
Most abundant in the Nile  a few from the Gambia  the Congo  and Rovuma  
The genera are    
 
 Mormyrus   1 sp    Nile  Gambia  West Africa  Mozambique  Rovuma  
 Hyperopsius   2 sp    Nile and West Africa   Mormyrops   4 sp    Nile  
West Africa and Mozambique  
 
 
 449 FAMILY 69   GYMNARCHID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
 Fresh water fishes  resembling the Mormyrid    but with tapering finless 
tail  and neither anal nor ventral fins   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Ethiopian region  
 
The only genus   Gymnarchus   inhabits the Nile and the rivers of West 
Africa  
 
 
FAMILY 70   ESOCID     1 Genus  7 Species   
 
 Fresh water fishes  with scaly bodies  no barbels  and dorsal fins 
situated towards the tail   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The Nearctic and Pal  arctic regions  
 
One species  the Pike   Esox lucius   ranges from Lapland to Turkey  and in 
America from the Arctic regions to the Albany river  the remainder are 
American species extending South as far as New Orleans  
 
 
FAMILY 71   UMBRID     1 Genus  2 Species   
 
 Small fresh water scaly fishes  without barbels or adipose fin   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Central Europe and Temperate North America  
 
 
FAMILY 72   SCOMBRESOCID     5 Genera  136 Species   
 
 Marine or fresh water fishes  with scaly bodies and a series of keeled 
scales along each side of the belly   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Temperate and tropical regions  
 
All the genera have a wide distribution  A species of  Belone  and one of 
 Scombresox  are found on the British coast  The Flying fishes   Exocetus   
44 sp    belong to this family  They abound in all tropical seas and extend 
as far as the Mediterranean and Australia  None of the genera are 
exclusively fresh water   450 but a few species of  Belone   and 
 Hemiramphus  are found in rivers in various parts of the world  
 
 
FAMILY 73   CYPRINODONTID     20 Genera  106 Species   
 
 Fresh water fishes  covered with scales  the sexes frequently differing  
mostly viviparous   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Southern Europe  Asia  Africa and North America  but most 
abundant in Tropical America  
 
The distribution of the genera is as follows    
 
 Cyprinodon   11 sp    Italy  North Africa and Western Asia to Persia  also 
North America from Texas to New York   Fitzroya   1 sp    Montevideo  
 Characodon   1 sp    Central America   Tellia   1 sp    Alpine pools of 
the Atlas   Limnurgus   1 sp    Mexican plateau   Lucania   1 sp    Texas  
 Haplochilus   18 sp    India  Java  Japan  Tropical Africa  Madagascar  
and the Seychelle Islands  Carolina to Brazil  Jamaica   Fundulus   17 
sp    North and Central America and Ecuador  Spain and East Africa  
 Rivulus   3 sp    Tropical America  Cuba and Trinidad   Orestias   6 sp    
Lake Titacaca  Andes   Jenynsia   1 sp    Rio Plata   Pseudoxiphophorus   2 
sp    Central America   Belonesox   1 sp    Central America   Gambusia   8 
sp    Antilles  Central America and Texas   Anableps   3 sp    Central and 
Equatorial America   Poecilia   16 sp    Antilles  Central and South 
America   Mollienesia   4 sp    Louisiana to Mexico   Platypoecilus   1 
sp    Mexico   Girardinus   10 sp    Antilles and South Carolina to 
Uruguay   Lepistes   1 sp    Barbadoes  
 
 
FAMILY 74   HETEROPYGII   2 Genera  2 Species   
 
 Fresh water fishes  with posterior dorsal fin  and very small scales   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Fresh waters of the United States  
 
 Amblyopsis   1 sp   is a blind fish found in the caverns of Kentucky  
while  Chologastes   1 sp    which only differs from it in having perfect 
eyes  is found in ditches in South Carolina  
 
 
 451 FAMILY 75   CYPRINID     109 Genera  790 Species   
 
 Fresh water fishes  generally scaly  with no adipose fin  and pharyngeal 
teeth only  the mouth being toothless   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Fresh waters of the Old World and North America  but absent 
from Australia and South America  
 
This enormous family is divided by Dr  G  nther into fourteen groups  the 
distribution of which is as follows    
 
Catostomina  4 genera   North America and North east Asia  Cyprinina  39 
genera   same range as the family  Rohteichthyina  1 genus   Malay 
Archipelago  Leptobarbina  1 genus   Malay Archipelago  Rasborina  5 
genera   East Africa to China and Borneo  Semiplotina  2 genera   Western 
Asia  Xenocypridina  3 genera   Eastern Asia  Leuciscina  10 genera   
Pal  arctic and Nearctic regions  Rhodeina  3 genera   Pal  arctic region  
Danionina  9 genera   India to China and Japan  Hypophthalmichthyina  1 
genus   China  Abramidina  16 genera   same range as the family  
Homalopterina  2 genera   India to Java  Cobitidina  10 genera   Pal  arctic 
and Oriental regions  
 
The following is the distribution of the genera    
 
 Catostomus   16 sp    Nearctic region and Eastern Siberia   Moxostoma   2 
sp    Eastern United States   Sclerognathus   5 sp    Temperate North 
America to Guatemala  also Northern China   Carpiodes   1 sp    United 
States   Cyprinus   2 sp    Temperate parts of Pal  arctic region  1 sp  
British    Carassius   3 sp    Temperate Pal  arctic region  1 sp  British   
 Catla   1 sp    Continental India   Cirrhina   5 sp    Continental India 
to China   Dangila   6 sp    Java  Sumatra  Borneo   Osteochilus   14 sp    
Siam to Java and Sumatra   Labeo   27 sp    Tropical Africa and Oriental 
region   Tylognathus   10 sp    Syria  India to Java   Abrostomus   2 sp    
South Africa   Discognathus   4 sp    Syria to India and Java  mostly in 
mountain streams   Crossochilus   9 sp    India to Sumatra and Java  
 Gymnostomus   7 sp    Continental India   Epalzeorhynchus   1 sp    
Sumatra and Borneo   Capoeta   13 sp    Western Asia   Barbus   163 sp    
Temperate or Tropical  452 parts of Europe  Asia  and Africa  1 sp  
British    Thynnichthys   2 sp    Pegu  Borneo  and Sumatra   Barbichthys  
 1 sp    Java  Sumatra  and Borneo   Amblyrhynchichthys   1 sp    Sumatra 
and Borneo   Albulichthys   1 sp    Sumatra and Borneo   Oreinus   3 sp    
Himalayan region   Schizothorax   13 sp    Himalayan region and west to 
Afghanistan and Persia   Ptychobarbus   1 sp    Thibet   Gymnocypris   1 
sp    loc  unknown   Schizopygopsis   1 sp    Thibet   Diptychus   1 sp    
Himalayas and Thibet   Aulopyge   1 sp    Western Asia   Gobio   2 sp    
Temperate Europe  1 sp  British    Pseudogobio   4 sp    China  Japan  and 
Formosa   Ceratichthys   9 sp    Temperate North America   Bungia   1 sp    
Western Asia  Herat   Pimephales   2 sp    Eastern United States  
 Hyborhynchus   3 sp    Eastern United States   Ericymba   1 sp    United 
States   Pseudorasbora   1 sp    Japan  China   Cochlognathus   1 sp    
Texas   Exoglossum   2 sp    United States   Rhinichthys   6 sp    Eastern 
United States   Rohteichthys   1 sp    Borneo and Sumatra   Leptobarbina  
 1 sp    Sumatra and Borneo   Rasbora   12 sp    East Coast of Africa  
India  to Java and Borneo   Luciosma   3 sp    Java  Sumatra  and Borneo  
 Nuria   2 sp    India  Tenasserim  and Ceylon   Aphyocypris   1 sp    
North China   Amblypharyngodon   3 sp    India to Tenasserim   Cyprinion  
 3 sp    Syria and Persia   Semiplotus   1 sp    Assam   Xenocypris   1 
sp    China   Paracanthobrama   1 sp    China   Mystacoleucus   1 sp    
Sumatra   Leuciscus   84 sp    Nearctic and Pal  arctic regions  5 sp  are 
British    Ctenopharyngodon   1 sp    China   Mylopharodon   1 sp    
California   Paraphoxinus   2 sp    South eastern Europe   Meda   1 sp    
River Gila   Tinca   1 sp    Europe  Britain to Constantinople   
 Leucosomus   8 sp    Nearctic region   Chondrostoma   7 sp    Europe and 
Western Asia   Orthodon   1 sp    California   Acrochilus   1 sp    
Columbia River   Achilognathus   6 sp    China  Japan  and Formosa  
 Rhodeus   3 sp    Central Europe and China   Pseudoperilampus   1 sp    
Japan   Danio   8 sp    India and Ceylon   Pterosarion   2 sp    Central 
India and Assam   Aspidoparia   3 sp    Continental India   Barilius   15 
sp    East Africa and Continental India   Bola   1 sp    Ganges to 
Bramahputra   Schacra   1 sp    Bengal   Opsariichthys   5 sp    Japan and 
Formosa   Squaliobarbus   1 sp    China   Ochetobius   1 sp    North China  
 453  Hypophthalmichthys   2 sp    China   Abramis   16 sp    North 
America  Central Europe  and Western Asia  1 sp  is British    Aspius   3 
sp    East Europe  Western Asia  China   Alburnus   15 sp    Europe and 
Western Asia  1 British sp     Rasborichthys   1 sp    Borneo  
 Elopichthys   1 sp    China   Pelotrophus   2 sp    East Africa  
 Acanthobrama   3 sp    Western Asia   Osteobrama   5 sp    Continental 
India   Chanodichthys   6 sp    China and Formosa   Smiliogaster   1 sp    
Bengal   Culter   2 sp    China   Pelecus   1 sp    Eastern Europe  
 Eustira   1 sp    Ceylon   Chela   16 sp    India to Siam  Java and 
Borneo   Pseudolabuca   1 sp    China   Cachius   1 sp    Continental 
India   Homaloptera   8 sp    India to Cochin China  Java  and Sumatra  
 Psilorhynchus   2 sp    North eastern India   Misgurnus   5 sp    Europe 
to India  China  and Japan   Nemachilus   37 sp    Europe and Asia  
 Cobitis   3 sp    Europe  India  Japan   Lepidocepalichthys   3 sp    
India  Ceylon  and Java   Acanthopsis   2 sp    Tenasserim  Sumatra  Java  
and Borneo   Botia   7 sp    India to Japan and Sunda Isles   Oreonectes  
 1 sp    China   Lepidocephalus   1 sp    Java and Sumatra  
 Acanthopthalmus   2 sp    Java and Sumatra   Apua   1 sp    Tenasserim  
 Kneria   2 sp    Tropical Africa  
 
 
FAMILY 76   GONORHYNCHID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
 A marine fish with spiny scales  mouth with barbels  and with short dorsal 
fin opposite the ventrals   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Temperate parts of Southern Oceans  and Japan  
 
 
FAMILY 77   HYODONTID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
 A fresh water fish with cycloid scales and posterior dorsal fin   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Fresh waters of North America  
 
 
 454 FAMILY 78   OSTEOGLOSSID     3 Genera  5 Species   
 
 Fresh water fishes  with large hard scales  and dorsal fin opposite and 
equal to the anal fin   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Tropical rivers  
 
The genera are    Osteoglossum   3 sp    Eastern South America  Sunda 
Islands  and Queensland   Arapaima   1 sp    Eastern South America  the 
 Piraruc    of the Amazon   Heterotis   1 sp    Tropical Africa  
 
 
FAMILY 79   CLUPEID     18 Genera  161 Species   
 
 Marine scaly fishes  without barbels  and with the abdomen often 
compressed and serrated   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Seas of the whole globe  many species entering rivers  They 
are most abundant in the Indian seas  less so in America  scarce in Africa  
while they are almost absent from Australia  The Herring  Sprat  Shad  and 
Pilchard  are British species of  Clupea   a genus which contains 61 
species and ranges all over the world  
 
 
FAMILY 80   CHIROCENTRID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
 A marine fish  with thin deciduous scales  no barbels  and posterior 
dorsal fin   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The Eastern seas from Africa to China  
 
 
FAMILY 81   ALEPOCEPHALID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
 A marine fish  covered with thin cycloid scales  no barbels  and posterior 
dorsal fin   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Deep waters of the Mediterranean  
 
 
 455 FAMILY 82   NOTOPTERID     1 Genus  5 Species   
 
 Fresh water fishes  without barbels  head and body scaly  long tapering 
tail  and short posterior dorsal fin   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Rivers of India  Siam  the Sunda Islands  and West Africa  
 
 
FAMILY 83   HALOSAURID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
 Marine fishes  with cycloid scales  a short median dorsal fin  and no 
barbels   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Deep waters of the Atlantic  Madeira  
 
 
FAMILY 84   GYMNOTID     5 Genera  20 Species   
 
 Fresh water fishes  with elongate bodies  pointed tail  and no dorsal 
fin   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Tropical America from Trinidad to the River Parana  
 
The genera are distributed as follows    
 
 Sternarchus   8 sp    Guiana and Brazil   Rhamphichthys   6 sp    Guiana 
and Brazil   Sternophygus   4 sp    Tropical America   Carapus   1 sp    
Trinidad to Brazil   Gymnotus    1 sp   the Electric eel   Tropical South 
America  
 
 
FAMILY 85   SYMBRANCHID     4 Genera  6 Species   
 
 Marine and fresh water fishes  having elongate bodies without fins  and 
very minute scales or none   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Fresh waters and coasts of Western Australia and Tasmania  
 
The genera are    
 
 Amphipnous   1 sp    Bengal   Monopterus   1 sp    Siam to Northern China 
and Sunda Islands   Symbranchus   3 sp    Tropical  456 America  and India 
to Australia   Chilobranchus   1 sp    Australia and Tasmania  
 
 
FAMILY 86   MUR  NID     26 Genera  230 Species   
 
 Marine or fresh water fishes  with cylindrical or band like bodies and no 
ventral fins   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The seas and fresh waters of temperate and tropical regions  
This family is divided by Dr  G  nther into two sub families and nine 
sections  The genus  Anguilla   comprising our common Eel and a number of 
species from all parts of the world  is the only one which is found in 
fresh water  though even here most of the species are marine   Anguilla  
and  Conger  are the only British genera  
 
 
FAMILY 87   PEGASID     1 Genus  4 Species   
 
 Small marine fishes  covered with bony plates  and short opposite dorsal 
and anal fins   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Indian Ocean and seas of China and Australia  
 
 
 Order V   LOPHOBRANCHII   
 
 Fish with a segmented bony covering  long snout  and small toothless 
mouth   
 
 
FAMILY 88   SOLENOSTOMID     1 Genus  3 Species   
 
 Marine Lophobranchii  with wide gill openings and two dorsal fins   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Indian Ocean  from Zanzibar to China and the Moluccas  
 
 
 457 FAMILY 89   SYNGNATHID     15 Genera  112 Species   
 
 Marine Lophobranchii  with very small gill opening and one soft dorsal 
fin   
 
DISTRIBUTION   All the tropical and temperate seas  Some species of 
 Syngnathus    Doryichthys   and  Coelonotus  enter fresh water  and a few 
live in it exclusively   Siphonostoma    Syngnathus    Nerophis   and 
 Hippocampus  are British genera  The  Hippocampina   5 genera  25 sp    or 
Sea horses  are peculiar to the Indian and Pacific Oceans  except three or 
four species of  Hippocampus  in the Atlantic and Mediterranean  
 
 
 Order VI   PLECTOGNATHI   
 
 Fishes covered with rough scales or shields  having a narrow mouth  and 
soft posterior dorsal fin   
 
 
FAMILY 90   SCLERODERMI   7 Genera  95 Species   
 
 Marine Plectognathi  with toothed jaws   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Temperate and Tropical seas  but much more abundant in the 
Tropics  
 
 
FAMILY 91   GYMNODONTES   10 Genera  82 Species   
 
 Marine or fresh water Plectognathi  with jaws modified into a beak   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Temperate and tropical regions  
 
Some species of  Tetrodon  are found in the rivers of Tropical America  
Africa  and Asia  Species of  Tetrodon  and  Orthagoriscus  have been found 
on the British coasts  
 
 
 458 SUB CLASS II   DIPNOI  
 
 
FAMILY 92   SIRENOIDEI   3 Genera  3 Species   
 
 Eel shaped fresh water fishes  covered with cycloid scales  the vertical 
fins forming a continuous border to the compressed tapering tail   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Rivers of Tropical Africa  South America  and Australia  
 
The genera are    Protopterus   1 sp    Tropical Africa   Lepidosiren   1 
sp    Amazon Valley   Ceratodus   1 sp    Queensland  
 
 
SUB CLASS III   GANOIDEI  
 
 
 Order I   HOLOSTEI   
 
 Body covered with scales   
 
 
FAMILY 93   AMIID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
 A fresh water fish  with cycloid scales and a long soft dorsal fin   
 
DISTRIBUTION   United States  
 
 
FAMILY 94   POLYPTERID     2 Genera  2 Species   
 
 Fresh water fishes  with ganoid scales and dorsal spines   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Central and Western Africa  
 
The genera are    
 
 Polypterus   1 sp    the Nile and rivers of West Africa   Calamoichthys  
 1 sp    Old Calabar  
 
 
 459 FAMILY 95   LEPIDOSTEID     1 Genus  3 Species   
 
 Fresh water fishes  with ganoid scales  and dorsal and anal fins composed 
of articulated rays   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The genus Lepidosteus  the Garfishes or Bony Pikes  inhabits 
North America to Mexico and Cuba  
 
 
 Order II   CHONDROSTEI   
 
 Sub cartilaginous scaleless fishes with heterocercal tail  the skin with 
osseous bucklers or naked   
 
 
FAMILY 96   ACCIPENSERID     2 Genera  20 Species   
 
 Marine or fresh water fishes with osseous bucklers and inferior mouth   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Temperate and Arctic regions of the northern hemisphere  
ACCIPENSER  19 sp    comprising the Sturgeons  has the distribution of the 
family  most of the species are marine  but some are confined to the 
Caspian and Black Seas and the great American lakes with the rivers flowing 
into them  while the Danube  Mississippi  and Columbia River have peculiar 
species  The other genus  SCAPHIRHYNCHUS  1 sp    is confined to the 
Mississippi and its tributaries  
 
 
FAMILY 97   POLYDONTID     1 Genus  2 Species   
 
 Fresh water fishes  with wide lateral mouth and naked skin   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The Mississippi and Yang tse kiang rivers  
 
 
 460 SUB CLASS IV   CHONDROPTERYGII   SHARKS AND RAYS   
 
 
 Order I   HOLOCEPHALA   Chim  ras    
 
 
FAMILY 98   CHIM  RID     2 Genera  4 Species   
 
 Shark like marine fishes  snout of the male with a prehensile organ   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Northern and Southern temperate seas   Chim  ra  is British  
 
 
 Order II   PLAGIOSTOMATA   
 
Sub order   SELACHOIDEA   Sharks   
 
 
FAMILY 99   CARCHARIID     11 Genera  59 Species   
 
 Sharks with two dorsals and a nictitating membrane   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Seas of the Arctic  temperate  and tropical regions  Species 
of  Galeus  and  Mustelus  have occurred on our coasts  
 
 
FAMILY 100   LAMNID     5 Genera  7 Species   
 
 Sharks with two dorsals and no nictitating membrane   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Temperate and tropical seas  Species of  Lamna   
 Alopecias   and  Selache  have occurred in British seas  
 
 
 461 FAMILY 101   RHINODONTID     1 Genus  1 Species   
 
 Sharks with two dorsal fins  the second small  and no nictitating 
membrane   
 
DISTRIBUTION   South and East Africa  
 
 
FAMILY 102   NOTIDANID     1 Genus  4 Species   
 
 Sharks with one dorsal fin and no nictitating membrane   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Temperate and tropical seas  from the North Atlantic to the 
Cape of Good Hope and California  One species has occurred on our southern 
coasts  
 
 
FAMILY 103   SCYLLIID     7 Genera  25 Species   
 
 Sharks with one dorsal fin and no nictitating membrane   
 
DISTRIBUTION   All temperate and tropical seas  Species of  Scyllium  and 
 Pristiurus  are British  
 
 
FAMILY 104   CESTRACIONTID     1 Genus  4 Species   
 
 Sharks with two dorsal fins and no nictitating membrane   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Pacific Ocean from Japan to New Zealand  Moluccan Sea  
 
 
FAMILY 105   SPINACID     10 Genera  21 Species   
 
 Sharks with two dorsal fins and no nictitating membrane  no anal fin   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Arctic  temperate  and tropical seas  Species of 
 Acanthias    L  margus   and  Echinorhinus  have occurred on our coasts  
 
 
 462 FAMILY 106   RHINID    1 Genus  1 Species   
 
 Sharks with depressed flat body and large expanded pectoral fins   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Temperate and tropical seas  from Britain to California and 
Australia  
 
 
FAMILY 107   PRISTIOPHORID     1 Genus  4 Species   
 
 Sharks with produced flat snout  armed with teeth on each edge   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Seas of Japan and Australia  
 
 
Sub order BATOIDEI   Rays   
 
 
FAMILY 108   PRISTID     1 Genus  5 Species   
 
 Rays with produced snout and lateral saw like teeth   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Seas of tropical and sub tropical regions  
 
 
FAMILY 109   RHINOBATID     3 Genera  15 Species   
 
 Rays with long and strong tail  having a caudal and two dorsal fins   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Tropical and sub tropical seas  
 
 
FAMILY 110   TORPEDINID     6 Genera  15 Species   
 
 Rays with broad smooth disc  and an electric organ   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Tropical and temperate seas  from Britain to Tasmania  
 
 
FAMILY 111   RAIID     4 Genera  29 Species   
 
 Rays with broad rhombic disc and no serrated caudal spine   
 
DISTRIBUTION   All temperate and tropical seas  Several species of  Raia  
are found on our coasts  
 
 
 463 FAMILY 112   TRYGONID    6 Genera  43 Species   
 
 Rays with the pectoral fins extending to end of snout   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Seas of all temperate and tropical regions  and rivers of 
Tropical America  A species of  Trygon  has occurred on our Southern coast  
 Ellipesurus  and  T  niura  are found in the fresh waters of the interior 
of South America  while the latter genus occurs also in the Indian seas  
but not in the Atlantic  
 
 
FAMILY 113   MYLOBATID     5 Genera  22 Species   
 
 Rays with very broad pectoral fins not extending to end of snout   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Temperate and tropical seas  A species of MYLIOBATIS is 
British  but most of the species and genera are confined to tropical seas  
 Dicerobatis  and  Ceratoptera  are very large Rays  commonly called 
Sea devils  
 
 
SUB CLASS V   CYCLOSTOMATA  
 
 Cartilaginous fishes  with suctorial mouths and without lateral fins   
 
 
FAMILY 114   PETROMYZONTID     4 Genera  12 Species   
 
 Marine or fresh water eel like fishes  with suctorial mouths and without 
barbels   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Coasts and fresh waters of temperate regions of both 
hemispheres  Three species of  Petromyzon   Lampreys   are British  
 
 
 464 FAMILY 115   MYXINID     2 Genera  5 Species   
 
 Marine eel like fishes  with four pairs of barbels   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Seas of the temperate regions of both hemispheres  
 
 
SUB CLASS VI   LEPTOCARDII  
 
 
FAMILY 116   CIRRHOSTOMI   1 Genus  1 Species   
 
 A small marine fish with no jaws or fins  and with rudimentary eyes   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The only species  the Lancelet   Amphioxus    is the lowest 
form of living vertebrate  It is found in the temperate regions of both 
hemispheres  and has occurred on our southern coast  
 
 
 Remarks on the Distribution of Fishes   
 
 Marine Fish    There are about 80 families of marine fishes  and of these 
no less than 50 are universally  or almost universally  distributed over 
the seas and oceans of the globe  Of the remainder many are widely 
distributed  some species even ranging from the North Atlantic to 
Australia  Six families are confined to the Northern Seas  but four of 
these consist of single species only  the other two being the Discoboli  2 
genera  11 sp    and the Accipenserid    2 genera and 20 sp    Only one 
family  Acanthoclinid    is confined to the Southern oceans  and that 
consists of but a single species  Four families  Sternoptychid    
Stomiatid    Alepocephalid   and Halosaurid    are confined to the Atlantic 
Ocean  while 13 are found only in the Pacific  and of the remainder several 
are more abundant in the Pacific than the Atlantic  Two families  Lycodid   
and Gadid    are found in the Arctic and Antarctic seas only  though the 
 465 latter family has a single species in the Indian seas  Among the 
curiosities of distribution are   the extensive genus  Diagramma   confined 
to the Pacific with the exception of one species in the Mediterranean  the 
single species constituting the family Lophotid    found only in the 
Mediterranean and Japan  the small family of Notacanthi  confined to 
Greenland  the Mediterranean  and West Australia  and the four families  
Sternoptychid    Stomiatid    Alepocephalid    and Halosaurid    which are 
believed to inhabit exclusively the depths of the ocean  and are therefore 
very rarely obtained  
 
 Fresh water Fish    There are 36 families of fishes which inhabit fresh 
water exclusively  and 5 others  which are both marine and fresh water  
These present many interesting peculiarities of distribution  The 
Neotropical region is the richest in families  and probably also in genera 
and species  No less than 22 families inhabit it  and of these 6 are 
altogether peculiar  The Ethiopian and Nearctic regions each have 18 
families  the former with 3  and the latter with 5 peculiar  Several 
isolated forms  requiring to be placed in distinct families  inhabit the 
great American lakes  and  no doubt  when the African lakes are equally 
well known  they will be found also to possess many peculiar forms  The 
Oriental region comes next  with 17 families  of which 3 are peculiar  The 
Pal  arctic has 12  and the Australian 11 families  each with only 1 
altogether peculiar to it  
 
If we take those regions which are sometimes supposed to be so nearly 
related that they should be combined  we shall find the fresh water fishes 
in most cases markedly distinct  The Nearctic and Pal  arctic regions  for 
example  together contain 20 families  but only 11 of these occur in both  
and only 5 are exclusive inhabitants of these two regions  This shows an 
amount of diversity that would not  perhaps  be exhibited by any other 
class of animals  The Ethiopian and Oriental regions together possess 24 
families  only 11 of which are found in both  and only 1 exclusively 
characteristic of the two  The Australian and Neotropical regions possess 
together 27 families  of which 7 are found in both  and 3 are exclusively 
characteristic of the two  This last fact is very interesting  the marine 
family of  466 Trachinid   possesses a fresh water genus   Aphritis   one 
species of which inhabits Tasmania  and two others Patagonia  the 
Haplochitonid    2 genera  3 sp   are found only in Tierra del Fuego  the 
Falkland Islands  and South Australia  and the Galaxid    1 genus  12 sp   
inhabit the same regions  but extend to Chili  to New Zealand and to 
Queensland  We have here an illustration of that connection between South 
America and Australia which is so strongly manifested in plants  but of 
which there are only scattered indications in most classes of animals  The 
dividing line across the Malay Archipelago  separating the Oriental from 
the Australian regions  and which is so strikingly marked in mammalia and 
birds  is equally so in fresh water fishes  No less than six families have 
their eastern limits in Java and Borneo  while the extensive family of 
Cyprinid   has no less than 23 genera in Java and Borneo  but not a single 
species has been found in Celebes or the Moluccas  
 
The distribution of fresh water fishes lends no support to the view that 
the peninsula of India belongs to the Ethiopian region  A large proportion 
of the Oriental families are common to the whole region  while there is 
hardly a single example  of a characteristic Ethiopian family or genus 
extending into the peninsula of India and no further  
 
Among the special peculiarities of distribution  is the curious fish  
forming the family Comephorid    which is confined to Lake Baikal  among the 
mountains of Central Asia  2 000 feet above the sea  and a thousand miles 
distant from the ocean  yet having its nearest allies in the exclusively 
oceanic family of the mackerels  Scomberid     The Characinid   are confined 
to Africa and South America  distinct genera inhabiting each region  The 
Salmonid   are confined to the two northern regions  except a single species 
of a peculiar genus in New Zealand  The genus  Osteoglossum  has a species 
in South America  another in the Sunda Islands  and a third in Queensland  
while the curious Sirenoidei are represented by single species of peculiar 
genera in Tropical America  Tropical Africa  and Tropical Australia  
 
 Fossil Fishes    Fishes have existed from a very remote era  and it is 
remarkable that the first whose remains have been  467 discovered belong to 
the Ganoidei  a highly developed group which has continued to exist down to 
our times  and of which the sturgeon is the best known example  We may 
therefore be sure that the Upper Silurian rocks in which these are found  
although so very far back in geological history  do not by any means lead 
us to the time when the primitive fish type appeared upon the earth  In the 
Carboniferous and Permian formations numerous remains of fishes are found  
allied to the  Lepidosteus  or Gar pike of North America  The next group in 
order of appearance  are the Plagiostomata  containing the existing Sharks 
and Rays  Traces of these are found in the highest Silurian beds  and 
become plentiful in the Devonian and Carboniferous formations and in all 
succeeding ages  being especially abundant in Cretaceous and Eocene strata  
The Holocephali appear first in the Oolitic period  and are represented by 
the living Chim  rid    The Dipnoi  to which belong the  Lepidosiren  and 
 Ceratodus   are believed to have existed in the Triassic period  from the 
evidence of teeth almost identical with those of the existing Australian 
fish  All the ancient fossil fishes belong to the above mentioned groups  
and many of them have little resemblance to existing forms  The Teleostean 
fishes  which form the great bulk of those now living  cannot be traced 
back further than the Cretaceous period  while by far the larger number 
first appear in the Tertiary beds  The Salmonid    Scopelid    Percid    
Clupeid    Scombresocid    Mugilid    and Silurid    or forms closely allied to 
them  are found in the Cretaceous formation  In the Eocene beds we first 
meet with Squammipennes  Cyprinid    Pleuronectid    Characinid    Mur  nid    
Gadid    Pediculati  Syngnathid    and Hippocampid    
 
Most of these fossils represent marine fishes  those of fresh water origin 
being rare  and of little importance as an aid in determining the causes of 
the distribution of living forms  To understand this we must look to the 
various changes of the land surface which have led to the existing 
distribution of all the higher vertebrates  and to those special means of 
dispersal which Mr  Darwin has shown to be possessed by all fresh water 
productions  
 
 
 
 468 CHAPTER XXI  
 
THE DISTRIBUTION OF SOME OF THE MORE IMPORTANT FAMILIES AND GENERA OF 
INSECTS  
 
 
Although insects are  for the most part  truly terrestrial animals  and 
illustrate in a very striking manner the characteristic phenomena of 
distribution  it is impossible here to treat of them in much detail  This 
arises chiefly from their excessive numbers  but also from the minuteness 
and obscurity of many of the groups  and our imperfect knowledge of all but 
the European species  The number of described species of insects is 
uncertain  as no complete enumeration of them has ever been made  but it 
probably exceeds 100 000  and these may belong to somewhere about 10 000 
genera  many times more than all vertebrate animals together  Of the eight 
Orders into which Insects are usually divided  only two  the Coleoptera and 
Lepidoptera  have been so thoroughly collected in all parts of the globe 
that they can be used  with any safety  to compare their distribution with 
that of vertebrate animals  and even of these it is only certain favourite 
groups which have been so collected  Among Lepidoptera  for example  
although the extensive group of Butterflies may be said  in a general 
sense  to be thoroughly well known  every spot visited by civilized man 
having furnished its quota to our collections  yet the minute Tineid    or 
even the larger but obscure Noctuid    have scarcely been collected at all 
in tropical countries  and any attempt to study their geographical 
distribution would certainly lead to erroneous results  The same thing 
occurs  though perhaps in a less degree  among the Coleoptera  While the 
Carabid    Buprestid    and  469 Longicorns of the Tropics  are almost as 
well known as those of the Temperate Zones  the Staphylinid    the smaller 
Elaterid    and many other obscure and minute groups  are very imperfectly 
represented from extra European countries  I therefore propose to examine 
with some care the distribution of the Butterflies  and the Sphingina among 
Lepidoptera  and the following large and well known families of 
Coleoptera   Cicindelid    Carabid    Lucanid    Cetoniid    Buprestid    and 
the three families of Longicorns  These families together contain over 
30 000 species  classed in nearly 3 000 genera  and comprise a large 
proportion of the best known and most carefully studied groups  We may 
therefore consider  that a detailed examination of their distribution will 
lead us to results which cannot be invalidated by any number of isolated 
facts drawn from the less known members of the class  
 
 
 
 Range of Insects in Time    In considering how much weight is to be given 
to facts in insect distribution  and what interpretation is to be put upon 
the anomalies or exceptional cases that may be met with  it is important to 
have some idea of the antiquity of the existing groups  and of the rate at 
which the forms of insect life have undergone modification  The geological 
record  if imperfect in the case of the higher animals  is fragmentary in 
the extreme as regards indications of former insect life  yet the positive 
facts that it does disclose are of great interest  and have an important 
bearing on our subject  These facts and the conclusions they lead to have 
been discussed in our first volume  p  166   and they must be carefully 
weighed in all cases of apparent conflict or incongruity between the 
distribution of insects and that of the higher animals  
 
 
 470  Order  LEPIDOPTERA   
 
Sub order   Lepidoptera  RHOPALOCERA  or BUTTERFLIES  
 
FAMILY 1   DANAID     24 Genera  530 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4     2        1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
The Danaid   are now held to comprehend  not only the whole of the group so 
named by Doubleday  but a large portion of the Heliconid   of that author  
Their range is thus extended over the whole of the tropical regions  A few 
species spread northwards into the Pal  arctic and Nearctic regions  but 
these are only stragglers  and hardly diminish the exclusively tropical 
character of the group  The more remarkable genera are    Hestia   10 sp    
and  Ideopsis   6 sp    confined to the Malayan and Moluccan districts  
 Danais   50 sp    which has the range of the whole family   Euploea   140 
sp    confined to the Oriental and Australian regions  but especially 
abundant in the Malayan and Moluccan districts   Hamadryas   4 sp    
Australian region only  The remaining genera constitute the Danaioid 
Heliconid    and are strictly confined to Tropical America  except a few 
species which extend into the southern parts of the Nearctic region  The 
chief of these genera are    
 
 Ithomia   160 sp     Melin  a   18 sp     Napeogenes   20 sp    
 Mechanitis   4 sp     Ceratina   32 sp     Dircenna   10 sp    and 
 Lycorea   4 sp    Florida  Louisiana  and Southern California  mark the 
northern extent of these insects  
 
 
 471 FAMILY 2   SATYRID     60 Genera  835 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
This family has an absolutely universal distribution  extending even into 
the Arctic and Antarctic regions  Many of the genera are  however  
restricted in their range  
 
 H  tera    Lymanopoda    Calisto    Corades    Taygetis    Pronophila   
 Euptychia   and some allied forms  25 genera in all  are Neotropical  the 
last named extending north to Canada   Debis    Melanitis    Mycalesis  and 
 Ypthima   are mostly Oriental  but extending also into the Australian and 
the Ethiopian regions   Gnaphodes    Leptoneura   and a few other small 
genera  are exclusively Ethiopian   Xenica    Hypocista   and 
 Heteronympha   are Australian   Erebia    Satyrus    Hipparchia   
 Coenonympha   and allies  are mostly Pal  arctic  but some species are 
Ethiopian  and others Nearctic   Chionabas   is characteristic of the whole 
Arctic regions  but is also found in Chili and the Western Himalayas  The 
peculiar genera in each region are   Neotropical  25  Australian  7  
Oriental  11  Ethiopian  5  Pal  arctic  3  Nearctic  0  
 
 
FAMILY 3   ELYMNIID     1 Genus  28 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
                                         2              3  4  1          
                                                               
 
The genus  Elymnias   which constitutes this family  is characteristic of 
the Malayan and Moluccan districts  with some species in Northern India and 
one in Ashanti  It thus agrees with several groups of Vertebrata  in 
showing the resemblance  472 of Malaya with West Africa independently of 
the Peninsula of India  
 
 
FAMILY 4  MORPHID     10 Genera  106 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3                                               3  4   1    3    
                                                               
 
The Morphid   are a group of generally large sized butterflies  especially 
characteristic of the Malayan and Moluccan districts  and of Tropical 
America  with a few species extending to the Himalayas on the west  and to 
Polynesia on the east  The genera are    
 
 Amathusia   6 sp    Northern India to Java   Zeuxidia   9 sp    the Malay 
district   Discophora   7 sp    Northern India to Philippines  Java and 
Timor   Enispe   3 sp    Northern India   Hyades   15 sp    Moluccan and 
Polynesian districts  except one species in Java   Clerome   11 sp    
Northern India to Philippines and Celebes     mona   1 sp    Sikhim  
 Hyantis   1 sp    Waigiou   Thaumantis   10 sp    Indo Chinese and Malayan 
districts   Morpho   40 sp    Neotropical region  Brazilian and Central 
American sub regions  
 
 
FAMILY 5  BRASSOLID     7 Genera  62 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3                                                                 
                                                               
 
The Brassolid   have the same distribution as the genus  Morpho   The genera 
are    
 
 Brassolis   5 sp     Opsiphanes   17 sp     Dynastor   2 sp     Penetes  
 1 sp     Caligo   21 sp     Narope   5 sp    and  Dasyopthalma   3 sp   
 
 
 473 FAMILY 6   ACR  ID     1 Genus  90 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3                             1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2       
                                                               
 
The genus  Acr  a  is especially abundant in the Ethiopian region  which 
contains two thirds of all the known species  3 or 4 species only  range 
over the whole Oriental  and most of the Australian regions  while all the 
rest inhabit the same districts of the Neotropical region as the 
Brassolid    
 
 
FAMILY 7   HELICONID     2 Genera  114 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3  4        3                                                     
                                                               
 
The true Heliconid   are very characteristic of the Neotropical region  one 
species only extending into the Southern States of North America as far as 
Florida  The genus  Heliconius   83 sp    has the range of the family  
while  Eueides   19 sp    is confined to the Brazilian and Central American 
sub regions  
 
 
FAMILY 8   NYMPHALID     113 Genera  1490 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
This is the largest and most universally distributed family of butterflies  
and is well illustrated by our common Fritillaries   474 Tortoise shell  
Peacock  Painted Lady  and Purple Emperor butterflies  They are found 
wherever butterfly life can exist  and some single species  like the 
Painted Lady   Pyrameis cardui    range almost over the globe  A few of the 
more extensive and remarkable genera only  can be here noticed    
 
 Col  nis    Agraulis    Eresia    Synchloe    Epicalia    Eunica   
 Eubagis    Catagramma    Callithea    Ageronia    Timetes    Heterochroa   
 Prepona    Hypna    Paphia   and  Siderone   are wholly Neotropical  as 
well as many others which have a smaller number of species   Euryphene   
 Romaleosoma    Aterica   and  Harma   are exclusively Ethiopian  
 Terinos    Athyma    Adolias   and  Tan  cia   are Oriental  but they 
mostly extend into the Moluccan region  the last however is strictly 
Malayan  and  Adolias  only reaches Celebes   Mynes  alone  is exclusively 
Australian  but  Prothoe  is almost so  having only one outlying species in 
Java   Eurytela  and  Ergolis  are confined to the Oriental and Ethiopian 
regions  but the latter reaches the Moluccas   Cethosia    Cirrhochroa   
 Messaras   and  Symph  dra   are both Oriental and Australian  while 
 Junonia    Cyrestis    Diadema    Neptis   and  Nymphalis   are common to 
the three tropical regions of the Eastern Hemisphere  the latter extending 
into the Mediterranean district  while  Junonia  occurs also in South 
America and the Southern United States  
 
The most cosmopolitan genus is  Pyrameis   which has representatives in 
every region and every district   Apatura  is found in all but the 
Ethiopian and the Australian  although it just enters the confines of the 
latter region in Celebes   Limenitis  is abundant in the Oriental region  
but extends eastward to Celebes and westward into Europe  North America  
and even into South America   Argynnis    Melit  a   and  Vanessa   are 
almost confined to the Pal  arctic and Nearctic regions  the former however 
occurs in the Himalayas and in the mountains of Java  and also in Chili and 
in Jamaica  Two genera   Dicrorrhagia  and  Helcyra   have both one species 
in North India and another in the island of Ceram  The number of genera 
peculiar to each region is as follows   Neotropical  50  Australian  2  
Oriental 15  Ethiopian  14  Pal  arctic  1  Nearctic  0  
 
 
 475 FAMILY 9   LIBYTHEID     1 Genus  10 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
      2    4      2 3     1  2            2    4  1  2  3  4  1          
                                                               
 
The genus  Libythea   which constitutes this family  appears to have its 
head quarters in the Oriental region  but extends on all sides in an 
erratic manner  into various remote and disconnected portions of the globe  
as indicated above  
 
 
FAMILY 10   NEMEOBIID     12 Genera  145 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3                 1               2    4        3  4  1          
                                                               
 
This group has been separated from the Erycinid   of the older authors  and 
contains all the non American genera and species  Half the genera and 
nearly four fifths of the species of this group are  however  Neotropical  
one is European  two or three African  and twenty six Oriental and 
Australian  The genera are    
 
 Nemeobius   1 sp    Europe   Dodona   6 sp    North India   Zemeros   2 
sp    North India and Malaya   Abisara   11 sp    North India  Malayan and 
Moluccan districts  Madagascar and West Africa   Taxila   8 sp    North 
India and Malaya   Dicallaneura   2 sp    Moluccan district   Alesa   6 
sp     Eunogyra   2 sp     Cremna   7 sp     B  otis   3 sp    are all from 
the Brazilian sub region   Eurybia   10 sp     Mesosemia   80 sp    inhabit 
both the Brazilian and Mexican sub regions  
 
 
 476 FAMILY 11   EURYGONID     2 Genera  78 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3                                                                 
                                                               
 
This small family  separated from the true Erycinid   by Mr  Bates  is 
confined to the tropical forest districts of continental America  The 
genera are    
 
 Eurygona   71 sp     Methonella   1 sp    the latter found in Equatorial 
South America  
 
 
FAMILY 12   ERYCINID     59 Genera  560 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3  4  1  2  3                                                     
                                                               
 
This extensive family of small  but exquisitely beautiful butterflies  is 
especially characteristic of the virgin forests of the Neotropical region  
only a few species of three genera extending into the Nearctic region  The 
more important genera  and those which have an exceptional distribution  
can alone be here noticed   Charis  extends from Brazil to New York  
 Apodemia  from Brazil to California  Utah  and Oregon   Amarynthis  
inhabits the Brazilian and Antillean sub regions   Lepricornis  and 
 Metapheles  are small genera found only in the Mexican sub region  
 Lymnas    Necyria    Ancyluris    Diorhina    Esthemopsis    Anteros   
 Emesis    Symmachia    Cricosoma    Calydna    Lemonias    Nymphidium   
 Theope   and  Aricoris  are common to the Brazilian and Mexican 
sub regions  All the other genera  40 in number  are only known from the 
Brazilian sub region  and of these a considerable proportion are confined 
to the damp equatorial forests of the Amazon Valley  
 
 
 477 FAMILY 13   LYC  NID     39 Genera  1 220 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
The Lyc  nid    of the variety and beauty of which in tropical regions our 
own  Blues  and  Coppers  give but a faint idea  are a group of universal 
distribution  We shall therefore indicate those genera which are restricted 
to one or more regions  or are nearly cosmopolitan  The large genus 
 Polyommatus   containing 325 species  has the same universal distribution 
as the entire family  Our common  Blues  well represent this genus  
 Lyc  na   comprising the  Coppers   is more especially characteristic of 
the Pal  arctic and Nearctic regions  but straggling species occur also in 
North India  South Africa  Chili  and New Zealand   Thecla  is especially 
characteristic of the Neotropical region  where there are about 370 
species  in the Nearctic region  36  in the Pal  arctic 13  and in the 
Ethiopian 3   Miletus    Lucia    Hypolyc  na    Myrina   and  Deudorix  are 
common to the three tropical regions of the Eastern Hemisphere  the 
Ethiopian  Oriental  and Australian   Aphneus  and  Iolaus  are common to 
the Ethiopian and Oriental regions  the latter extending to Celebes  
 Ialmenus    Pseudodipsas    Curetis   and  Amblypodia  are common to the 
Oriental and Australian regions  but the first named is found also in 
Madagascar   Zephyrus  is found only in the Nearctic and Pal  arctic  
 Eum  us  in the Nearctic and Neotropical regions  The Nearctic region has 
one peculiar genus   Feniseca    the Pal  arctic has two   Thestor  and 
 L  osopis   the Ethiopian has nine   Pentila    Liptana    D Urbania   
 Axiocerces    Capys    Phytala    Epitola    Hewitsonia   and  Deloneura   
the Oriental has five   Allotinus    Ilerda    Poritia    Camena   and 
 Liphyra   the Australian has three   Hypochrysops    Utica   and  Ogyris   
and the Neotropical also three   Lamprospilus    Theorema   and 
 Trichonis   
 
 
 478 FAMILY 14   PIERID     35 Genera  817 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3    
                                                               
 
The Pierid   are distributed almost  if not quite  as widely over the globe 
as the last family  and we shall group the genera in the same manner  
 Pieris   130 sp   is cosmopolitan   Terias  and  Callidryas  are found in 
all the four tropical regions  and as far north as Pennsylvania in the 
Nearctic region   Pontia    Tachyris    Eronia   and  Thestias  are common 
to the Ethiopian  Oriental  and Australian regions  the last named  
however  only extending as far as Timor   Colias  is pre eminently 
Pal  arctic and Nearctic  with a few Ethiopian species  one Indian  two in 
Chili  and one in the Sandwich Islands   Anthocharis  is wholly Pal  arctic 
and Nearctic   Midea  has two species Nearctic  and one in Japan  
 Gonepteryx  is Pal  arctic and Neotropical  extending into Texas   Idmais  
and  Callosune  are Ethiopian and Oriental   Thyca  and  Iphias  are 
Oriental and Australian   Meganostoma  is Nearctic and Neotropical  
 Nathalis  and  Kricogonia  are Neotropical  ranging into Florida  Texas  
and Colorado  
 
The peculiar genera are pretty equally distributed  The Neotropical region 
has ten  two being confined to Chili   Euterpe  and  Leptalis  are the most 
remarkable  the latter containing a number of forms mimicking the 
Heliconid   and Danaid    The Oriental region has two   Prioneris  and 
 Dercas   the Australian one   Elodina   the Ethiopian two   Teracolus  and 
 Pseudopontia   the Pal  arctic two   Leucophasia  and  Zegris   the 
Nearctic one   Neophasia   
 
 
 479 FAMILY 15   PAPILIONID     13 Genera  455 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
The Papilionid    comprising many of the noblest and richest coloured 
butterflies  and long placed at the head of the group  are almost as 
universally distributed as the Pierid    but they do not extend to so many 
remote islands nor so far into the Arctic and Antarctic regions  
Nine tenths of the species belong to the genus  Papilio   and these are 
especially abundant in tropical regions  although species occur in every 
region and every sub region  Well marked sub divisions of this large genus 
are characteristic of each great region  as the    neas  group in the 
Neotropical  the  Paris  group in the Oriental  the    geus  group in the 
Australian  the  Zenobius  group in the Ethiopian  and many others  The few 
species of the Pal  arctic region belong  on the other hand  to a group of 
universal distribution  and the Nearctic has a good number of species 
allied to Neotropical forms  
 
The other genera have mostly a very restricted range   Parnassius  is an 
Alpine genus  confined to the Pal  arctic and Nearctic regions  The 
Pal  arctic region further possesses 5 peculiar genera   Mesapia   
 Hypermnestra    Doritis    Sericinus   and  Thais   the Oriental has 4  
 Calinaga    Teinopalpus    Bhutanitis   and  Leptocircus   the latter 
going as far as Celebes  the Australian has 1   Eurycus   and the 
Neotropical 1   Euryades   confined to the Chilian sub region  The 
Ethiopian and the Nearctic regions have no peculiar genera  
 
 
 480 FAMILY 16   HESPERID     52 Genera      1 200 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
The Hesperid    or Skippers  are an immense group of mostly small obscurely 
coloured butterflies  universally distributed  and of which hosts of 
species still remain to be discovered and described  As the grouping of 
these into genera is not yet satisfactorily accomplished  only the more 
extensive and best known groups will be here noticed   Pamphila  and 
 Hesperia  are universally distributed   Nisoniades  seems to be only 
absent from the Australian region  The Neotropical region is pre eminently 
rich in Hesperid    33 genera being found there  of which 20 are peculiar to 
it  the Australian region has 12 genera  only 1   Euschemon   being 
peculiar  the Oriental has 18  with 3 peculiar  the Ethiopian  13  with 3 
peculiar  the Pal  arctic 6  with 1   Erynnis   almost peculiar  a species 
occurring in Mexico  the Nearctic 9  with none peculiar  4 being found also 
in the Neotropical region  2 in the Pal  arctic  and the rest being of wide 
distribution  Many new genera have  however  been recently described in the 
United States  but it is impossible yet to determine how many  if any  of 
these are peculiar  More than 100 species of the family are included in Mr  
Edwards   Synopsis of North American Butterflies    a very large number 
considering that Europe possesses only about 30  
 
 
 481 Sub order  LEPIDOPTERA HETEROCERA  or MOTHS  
 
The Lepidoptera Heterocera  or Moths  are of such immense extent  and are  
besides  so imperfectly known compared with the Butterflies  that it would 
serve no purpose to go into the details of their distribution  especially 
as most of the families and a considerable number of the genera are 
cosmopolitan  We propose therefore to notice only the Sphingina  which  
being generally of large size and finely marked or coloured  and many of 
them day fliers  have been extensively collected  and whose numbers are 
more manageable than the succeeding groups  
 
 
 Group I   SPHINGINA   
 
 
FAMILY 17   ZYG  NID    46 Genera  about 530 Species   
 
The Zyg  nid   are universally distributed  but many of the genera are 
restricted in their range   Zyg  na   85 sp   is mainly Pal  arctic  but 2 
species are South African  and 1 North American   Procris   22 sp   has a 
scattered distribution  from the Pal  arctic region to South America  South 
Africa and North India   Heterogynis   3 sp   and  Dysauxis   3 sp   are 
European   Pollanisus   3 sp   is Australian   Glaucopis   120 sp   is 
mainly Neotropical  with a few Oriental   Syntomis   94 sp   is found in 
all the Old World regions  and  Euchromia   150 sp   is found in all warm 
countries  though especially abundant in South America  
 
 
FAMILY 18   CASTNIID    7 Genera  63 Species   
 
The Castniid   have an interesting distribution  being mainly Neotropical  
with four genera in Australia and New Guinea   Castnia    Coronis   and 
 Gazera   with 51 species  are Neotropical   Synemon    Euschemon   
 Damias  and  Cocytia   with 12 species  are Australian  the latter being 
found only in the Papuan Islands  
 
 
 482 FAMILY 19   AGARISTID    13 Genera  76 Species   
 
The Agaristid   are beautiful diurnal moths  allied to the Castniid    but 
almost confined to the Australian and Oriental regions  with a few in the 
Ethiopian  The most important genera are    Agarista   21 sp    Australia 
and New Guinea   Eusemia   31 sp       gocera   7 sp    Oriental and 
Ethiopian regions  the other genera being confined to the islands from Java 
to New Guinea  
 
 
FAMILY 20   URANIID    2 Genera  12 Species   
 
These magnificent insects have a singular distribution  The gold spangled 
 Urania   6 sp   is characteristic of Tropical America  but a single 
species of great magnificence occurs in Madagascar  The large but 
sober tinted  Nyctalemon   6 sp   is found in the Neotropical  Oriental  
and Australian regions  
 
 
FAMILY 21   STYGIID     3 Genera  14 Species   
 
These insects are confined to the Pal  arctic and Neotropical regions  2 
genera in the former  1 in the latter  
 
 
FAMILY 22     GERIID     24 Genera  215 Species   
 
This family is found in all parts of the world except Australia     geria  
is most abundant in Europe  but is found also in North and South America  
 
 
FAMILY 23   SPHINGID     40 Genera  345 Species   
 
The Sphinx Moths are cosmopolitan  The most important genera 
are    Macroglossa   26 sp     Ch  rocampa   46 sp    and  Macrosila   21 
sp    all cosmopolitan   Sesia   12 sp    Europe  Asia  and North America  
 Deilephila   19 sp    Pal  arctic and Oriental regions  Nearctic region  
and Chili   Sphinx   21 sp    Europe   483 North and South America  
 Smerinthus   29 sp    all regions except Australia  Our Death s Head Moth 
  Acherontia atropos   ranges to Sierra Leone and the Philippine Islands  
 
 
 General Remarks on the Distribution of the Diurnal Lepidoptera and 
Sphingidea   
 
The Diurnal Lepidoptera or Butterflies  comprehend 431 genera and 7 740 
species  arranged in 16 families  according to Mr  Kirby s Catalogue 
published in 1871  The Sphingidea consist of 135 genera and 1 255 species  
arranged in 7 families  according to the British Museum Catalogue dated 
1864  and as this includes all Mr  Bates  collections in America and my own 
in the East  it is probable that no very large additions have since been 
made  
 
The distribution of the families and genera of Butterflies corresponds 
generally with that of Birds  and more especially with that of the 
Passerine birds  in showing a primary division of the earth into Eastern 
and Western  rather than into Northern and Southern lands  The Neotropical 
region is by far the richest and most peculiar  It possesses 15 families of 
butterflies  whereas the other regions have only from 8  in the Pal  arctic  
to 12 in the Ethiopian and Oriental regions  and as none of the Old World 
regions possess any peculiar families  the New World has a very clear 
superiority  In genera the preponderance is still greater  since the 
Neotropical region possesses about 200 altogether peculiar to it  out of a 
total of 431 genera  many of which are cosmopolitan  Comparing  now  the 
Eastern regions with the Western  we have two peculiar families in the 
former to 4 in the latter  while the Southern regions  Australian and 
Neotropical  possess not a single peculiar family in common  
 
In the Sphingidea the same general features recur in a less marked degree  
the Neotropical being the richest region  but here we have one family 
 Castniid    which appears to be confined to the two southern regions   the 
Australian and Neotropical  
 
The distribution of the genera affords us some facts of special interest  
which must be briefly noticed  There are several  484 genera typically 
characteristic of the North Temperate regions which have a few species 
widely scattered on mountains  or in the temperate parts of the Southern 
Hemisphere  Chili possesses representatives of four of these 
genera   Argynnis    Lyc  na    Colias   and  Deilephila   and this has been 
thought by some naturalists to be of such importance as to outweigh the 
purely Neotropical character of a large portion of the Chilian fauna  and 
to render it advisable to join it on  as an outlying portion of a great 
North Temperate zoological region  But when we remember that  Argynnis  
occurs also in Java  and  Lyc  na  in New Zealand  while  Colias  ranges to 
Southern Africa  Malabar  and the Sandwich Islands  we can hardly admit the 
argument to be a sound one  For a fuller discussion of this question see 
Vol  II   pp  43 47  The remarkable fact of the existence of the otherwise 
purely Neotropical genus   Urania   in Madagascar is even more striking  
supported as it is by the Antillean   Solenedon   belonging to a family of 
Mammalia otherwise confined to Madagascar  and by one or two Coleopterous 
genera  to be noticed farther on as common to the two countries  Our view 
as to the true explanation of this and analogous phenomena will be found at 
Vol  I   p  284  
 
The division of the Castniid    a family almost confined to the Tropics   
between the Neotropical and Australian regions  is also a very curious and 
important phenomenon  because it seems to point to a more remote connection 
between the two countries than that indicated by the resemblance between 
the productions of South Temperate America with those of Australia and New 
Zealand  but we have already shown that the facts may be explained in 
another way   See Vol  I   pp  398 and 404   
 
The division of the Malay Archipelago between the Oriental and Australian 
regions is clearly marked in the Lepidoptera  and it is very curious that 
it should be so  for in this  if in any group of animals  we should expect 
an almost complete fusion to have been effected  Lepidoptera fly readily 
across wide tracts of sea  and there is absolutely no climatal difference 
to interfere with their free migration from island to island  Yet we find 
no less than 10 genera abundant in the Indo Malayan  485 sub region which 
never cross the narrow seas to the east of them  6 others which only pass 
to Celebes  and 2 more which have extended from Java along the closely 
connected line of islands eastwards to Timor  On the other side  we find 5 
strictly Austro Malayan genera  and 2 others which have a single 
representative in Java  The following is a list of these genera    
 
INDO MALAYAN GENERA    Amathusia    Thaumantis    Tan  cia    Eurytela   
 Ilerda    Zemeros    Taxila    Aphneus    Prioneris    Dercas    Clerome   
 Adolias    Apatura    Limenitis    Iolaus    Leptocircus    the last six 
reach Celebes    Discophora    Thestias    the last two reach Timor   
 
AUSTRO MALAYAN GENERA    Hamadryas    Hypocista    Mynes    Dicallaneura   
 Elodina    Hyades    Protho     the last two reach Java   
 
The most characteristic groups  which range over the whole Archipelago and 
give it a homogeneous character  are the various genera of Danaid    the 
genus  Elymnias   and  Amblypodia  with a few other Lyc  nid    These are all 
abundant and conspicuous groups  but they are nevertheless exceptions to 
the general rule of limitation to one or other of the regions  The cause of 
this phenomenon is probably to be found in the limitation of the larv   of 
many Lepidoptera to definite species  genera  and families of plants  and 
we shall perhaps find  when the subject is carefully investigated  that the 
groups which range over the whole Archipelago feed on genera of plants 
which have an equally wide range  while those which are limited to one 
region or the other  have food plants belonging to genera which are 
similarly limited  It is known that the vegetation of the two regions 
differs largely in a botanical sense  although its general aspect is almost 
identical  and this may be the reason why the proportion of wide ranging 
genera is greater among such insects as feed upon dead wood  than among 
those which derive their support from the juices of the living foliage  
This subject will be again discussed under the various families of 
Coleoptera  and it will be well to bear in mind the striking facts of 
generic limitation which have been here brought forward  
 
 486 Fossil Butterflies  apparently of existing genera  occur in the 
Miocene and Eocene formations  and an extinct form in the Lower Oolite  but 
these cannot be held to give any adequate idea of the antiquity of so 
highly specialised a group  which  in all probability  dates back to 
Pal  ozoic times  since one of the Bombycid     a group almost as 
highly organised  has been discovered in the coal formation of Belgium  
 See Vol  I  p  168   
 
 
 Order  COLEOPTERA   
 
GEODEPHAGA  or CARNIVOROUS GROUND BEETLES  
 
The Geodephaga consist of two families  Cicindelid   and Carabid    differing 
in their form and habits no less than in their numbers and distribution  
The former  comprising about 800 species  are far more abundant and varied 
in Tropical regions  the latter  more than ten times as numerous  are 
highly characteristic of the North Temperate zone  where fully half of all 
the known species occur  
 
 
CICINDELID     35 Genera  803 Species   
 
The Cicindelid    or Tiger Beetles  are a moderately extensive group  spread 
over the whole globe  but much more abundant in tropical than in temperate 
or cold countries  More than half of the species  418  belong to the single 
genus  Cicindela   the only one which is cosmopolitan  The other large 
genera are    Collyris   81 sp    wholly Oriental   Odontochila   57 sp    
South American  with species in Java and Celebes   Tetracha   46 sp    
mostly South American  but with species in South Europe  North America  and 
Australia   Tricondyla   31 sp    characteristic of the Oriental region  
but extending eastward to New Guinea   Ctenostoma   26 sp    wholly 
Neotropical   Dromica   24 sp    wholly African  south of Lake Ngami and 
Mozambique   Therates   18 sp    wholly Malayan  from Singapore to New 
Guinea  
 
The genera are distributed in the several regions as follows   the Nearctic 
region has 5 genera  3 of which are peculiar to it  the  487 Pal  arctic has 
2  but none peculiar  the Ethiopian 13  with 11 peculiar  the Oriental 8  
with 3 peculiar  the Australian 9  with 2 peculiar  and the Neotropical 15  
with 10 peculiar  The connection between South America and Australia is 
shown by the latter country possessing 9 species of the characteristic 
South American genus  Tetracha   as well as one of  Megacephala   The small 
number of peculiar genera in the Oriental and Australian regions is partly 
owing to the circumstance that two otherwise peculiar Oriental genera have 
spread eastward to the Moluccas and New Guinea  a fact to be easily 
explained by the great facilities such creatures have for passing narrow 
straits  and by the almost identical physical conditions in the Malayan 
portion of the two regions  The insects of Indo Malaya were better adapted 
to live in the Austro Malay Islands than those of Australia itself  and the 
latter group of islands have thus acquired an Oriental aspect in their 
entomology  though not without indications of the presence of an aboriginal 
insect fauna of a strictly Australian type  The relation of the Australian 
and Neotropical regions is exhibited by this family in an unusually 
distinct manner   Tetracha   a genus which ranges from Mexico to La Plata  
has 9 species in Australia  while  Megacephala  has 2 American and 1 
Australian species  Another curious  and more obscure relation  is that 
between the faunas of Tropical America and Tropical Africa  This is also 
illustrated by the genus  Megacephala   which has 4 African species as well 
as 2 South American  and we have also the genus  Peridexia   which has 2 
species in South America and 2 in Madagascar  
 
Several of the sub regions are also well characterised by peculiar genera  
as  Amblychila  and  Omus  confined to California and the Rocky Mountains  
 Manticora    Ophryodera    Platychile  and  Dromica   characteristic of 
South Africa   Megalomma  and  Pogonostoma  peculiar to the Mascarene 
Islands  and  Caledonica  to the islands east of New Guinea  The extensive 
and elegant genus  Collyris  is highly characteristic of the Oriental 
region  over the whole of which it extends  only just passing the limits 
into Celebes and Timor  
 
The Cicindelid    therefore  fully conform to those divisions of  488 the 
earth which have been found best to represent the facts of distribution in 
the higher animals  
 
 
CARABID     620 Genera  8500 Species   
 
The enormous extent of this family  necessitates a somewhat general 
treatment  It has been very extensively collected  while its classification 
has been most carefully worked out  and a detailed exposition of its 
geographical distribution by a competent entomologist would be of the 
greatest interest  A careful study of Gemminger and Harold s Catalogue  
however  enables me to sketch out the main features of its distribution  
and to detail many of its peculiarities with considerable accuracy  
 
The Carabid   are remarkable among insects  and perhaps among all 
terrestrial animals  as being a wonderfully numerous  varied  conspicuous  
and beautiful group  which is pre eminently characteristic of the 
Pal  arctic region  So strikingly and unmistakably is this the case  that it 
must be held completely to justify the keeping that region distinct from 
those to which it has at various times been proposed to join it  Although 
the Carabid   are thoroughly well represented by hosts of peculiar genera 
and abundant species in every part of the world without exception  yet the 
Pal  arctic region alone contains fully one third  or perhaps nearer 
two fifths  of the whole  It may also be said  that the group is a 
temperate as compared with a tropical one  so that probably half the 
species are to be found in the temperate and cold regions of the globe  
leaving about an equal number in the much more extensive tropical and warm 
regions  But  among the cold regions  the Pal  arctic is pre eminent  North 
America is also rich  but it contains  by far  fewer genera and fewer 
species  
 
The magnificent genus  Carabus   with its allies  Procerus  and 
 Procrustes   containing about 300 species  all of large size  is almost 
wholly confined to the Pal  arctic region  only 10 species inhabiting North 
America  and 11 Temperate South America  with one on the African mountain 
of Kilimandjaro  Twelve large genera  containing together more than 2000 
species  are truly cosmopolitan  inhabiting both temperate and tropical 
 489 countries all over the globe  but many of these are more abundant in 
the Pal  arctic region than elsewhere  Such are  Scarites    Calosoma   
 Brachinus    Cymindis    Lebia    Chl  nius    Platynus    Harpalus   
 Bembecidium    P  cilus   and  Argutor   Of tropical cosmopolites  or 
genera found in all the tropical regions  but not in the temperate zones  
there seem to be only four    Catascopus    Coptodera    Colopodes   and 
 Caasnonia    Pheropsophus  is confined to the tropics of the Old World  
while  Drimostoma   though widely scattered  is characteristic of the 
Southern Hemisphere  
 
The Pal  arctic region has about 50 genera of Carabid   which are strictly 
confined to it  the most important being    Leistus   30 sp     Procerus  
 5 sp     Procrustes    17 sp     Zabrus   60 sp     Pristonychus   42 
sp    and  Ophonus   60 sp    but it possesses a large number in common 
with the Nearctic region  The more remarkable of these are    Carabus   
 Nebria    Amara    Cyrtonotus    Bradycellus    Anopthalmus    Celia   
 Cychrus    Patrobus    Elaphrus    Notiophilus    Bradytus   
 Callisthenus    Blethisa   and several others  Many too  though not 
strictly confined to the North Temperate regions  are very abundant there  
with a few species isolated in remote countries  or widely scattered  often 
in an eccentric manner  Among these may be mentioned   Trechus   120 sp    
all North Temperate but 8  which are scattered in Java  New Caledonia and 
South America   Dyschirus   127 sp    North Temperate  with 3 or 4 species 
in Australia  China and La Plata   Omaseus    88 sp     Steropus   90 sp    
 Platysoma   114 sp    and  Pterostichus   138 sp    are mostly North 
Temperate  but each has a few species in the South Temperate zone  New 
Zealand  Australia  Chili  and the Cape of Good Hope   Dromius   54 sp    
is about two thirds Pal  arctic  the rest of the species being scattered 
over the world  in Chili  North and South America  South Africa  Burmah  
Ceylon  and New Zealand  The North Temperate genera  Calathus  and 
 Olisthopus   have each one species in New Zealand   Percus  has most of 
its species in South Europe  but 3 in Australia   Abax  is confined to the 
north temperate zone  but with one species in Madagascar  while 
 L  mosthenes  is said to have a species identically the same in South 
Europe and Chili  Some of these apparent anomalies may be due to wrong 
 490 determination of the genera  but there can be little doubt that most 
of them represent important facts in distribution  
 
The Nearctic region is comparatively poor in Carabid    Its more important 
peculiar genera are    Dic  lus   22 sp     Pasimachus   17 sp    
 Eurytrichus   9 sp     Sph  roderus   7 sp     Pinacodera   6 sp    and 
others of smaller extent  about 30 in all  It also possesses 
representatives of a considerable number of Pal  arctic genera  as already 
indicated  and a few of South American genera  of which  Helluomorpha  and 
 Galerita  are the most important  
 
The Neotropical region is very rich in peculiar forms of Carabid    as in 
almost all other great groups  It possesses more than 100 peculiar genera  
but about 30 of these are confined to the South Temperate sub region  The 
more important peculiar genera of Tropical America are    Agra   144 sp    
 Ardistomus   44 sp     Schizogenius   25 sp     Pelecium    24 sp    
 Calophena   22 sp     Ctenodactyla   7 sp    Among the Chilian and South 
Temperate peculiar forms are    Antarctia   29 sp     Scelodontis   10 
sp     Tropidopterus   4 sp    Among the Neotropical genera with outlying 
species are    Pachyteles   50 sp    one of which is West African  
 Selenophorus   70 sp    with 4 African  4 Oriental  and 1 from New 
Caledonia   Ega   11 sp   with one in the East Indies  and one in New 
Caledonia   Galerita   with 36 American species  8 African  and 3 Indian  
 Callida  and  Tetragonoderus   mostly American  but with a few African  
Oriental and Australian species  and  Pseudomorpha   common to America and 
Oceania  
 
The Australian region is almost equally rich  possessing about 95 peculiar 
genera of Carabid    no less than 20 of which are confined to New Zealand  
The most important are   Carenum    Promecoderus    Scaraphites   
 Notonomus      nigma    Sphallomorpha    Silphomorpha   and  Adelotopus   
The gigantic  Catadromus  has 4 Australian species and 1 in Java  
 Homalosoma  has 31 species in Australia and New Zealand  and 1 in 
Madagascar  Celebes and New Guinea have each peculiar genera  and one is 
common to Australia and the Cape of Good Hope  
 
The Oriental region possesses 80 peculiar genera  10 of which are confined 
to Ceylon  The more important are    Pericallus    Planetes   and 
 Mormolyce    Distrigus  is also characteristic of this  491 region  with 
one species in Madagascar  while it has  Orthogonius    Hexagonia   
 Macrochilus   and  Thyreopterus  in common with the Ethiopian region  and 
is rich in the fine tropical genus   Catascopus   
 
The Ethiopian region has 75 peculiar genera  8 of which are confined to 
Madagascar  The more important are    Polyhirma    Graphipterus   and 
 Piezia    Anthia  is chiefly African  with a few species in India  
 Abacetus  is wholly African  except a species in Java  and another in 
South Europe  and  Hypolithus  is typically African  but with 7 species in 
South America and 1 in Java  
 
The facts of distribution presented by this important family  looked at 
broadly  do not support any other division of the earth into primary 
regions than that deduced from a study of the higher animals  The amount of 
speciality in each of these regions is so great  that no two of them can be 
properly united  and in this respect the Carabid   accord wonderfully with 
the Vertebrates  In the details of distribution there occur many singular 
anomalies  but these are not to be wondered at  if we take into 
consideration the immense antiquity of Coleopterous insects  which existed 
under specialised forms so far back as the Carboniferous epoch   the ease 
with which they may be dispersed as compared with larger animals  and the 
facilities afforded by their small size  habits of concealment  and often 
nocturnal habits  for adaptation to the most varied conditions  and for 
surviving great changes of surface and of the surrounding organic forms  
The wonder rather is  not that there are so many  but so few cases of 
exceptional and anomalous distribution  and the fact that these creatures  
so widely different from Vertebrates in organisation and mode of life  are 
yet on the whole subject to the same limitations of range as were found to 
occur among the higher animals  affords a satisfactory proof that the 
principles on which our six primary regions are founded  are sound  and 
that they are well adapted to exhibit the most interesting facts of 
geographical distribution  among all classes of animals  
 
Much stress has been laid on the fact of a few species of such typical 
European genera as  Carabus    Dromius   and others  being  492 found in 
Chili and Temperate South America  and it has been thought  that in a 
system of Entomological regions this part of the world must be united to 
the Northern Hemisphere  But these writers omit to take into account  
either the large numbers of isolated and peculiar forms characteristic of 
South Temperate America  or the indications of affinity with Tropical 
America and Australia  both of which are really more important than the 
connection with Europe  The three important Chilian genera   Cascelius   
 Barypus   and  Cardiopthalmus   are closely allied to the Australian 
Promecoderus  others  as  Omostenus  and  Plagiotelium   are quite 
isolated  while  Antarctia  and  Metius   according to Lacordaire  form a 
distinct division of the family  Chili  too  has many species of 
 Pachyteles    Coptodera   and other South American genera  and this 
affinity is far stronger in many other families than in the Carabid    The 
existence of representatives of typical northern forms in Chili  is a fact 
of great interest  and may be accounted for in a variety of ways   see Vol  
II  p  44  but it is not of such a magnitude as to be of primary importance 
in geographical distribution  and it can only be estimated at its fair 
value  by taking into account the affinities of all the groups inhabiting 
that part of the world  
 
 
LUCANID     45 Genera  529 Species   
 
Passing over a number of obscure families  we come to the remarkable group 
of the Lucanid    or Stag beetles  which  being almost all of large size  
and many of them of the most striking forms  have been very thoroughly 
collected and assiduously studied  
 
The most curious feature of their general distribution  is their scarcity 
in Tropical South America  and their complete absence from Tropical North 
America and the West Indian Islands  though they appear again in Temperate 
North America  In the New World they may  in fact  be looked upon as a 
temperate group characteristic of the extra tropical regions and the 
highlands  while in the Old World  where they are far more abundant  they 
are distinctly tropical  being especially numerous  493 in the Oriental and 
Australian regions  No genus has the range of the whole family   Dorcus  
and  Lucanus  being absent from Africa  while  Cladognathus  is unknown in 
the New World and on the continent of Australia  The Oriental region is the 
richest in peculiar forms  possessing 16 genera  7 of which are wholly 
confined to it  while 3 others only just range beyond it to North China on 
the one side  or to the Austro Malayan islands on the other  The Australian 
region comes next  with 15 genera  of which 7 are wholly peculiar  South 
America has 12 genera  10 of which are peculiar  The Ethiopian region has 
10 genera  7 of which are peculiar  and 2 of these are confined to the 
island of Bourbon  The Pal  arctic region has 8 genera  and the Nearctic 5  
one genus being peculiar to Europe  and two confined to Europe and North 
America  The Ethiopian and Oriental regions have 3 genera in common and 
peculiar to them  the Oriental and Australian 3  while the Australian and 
Neotropical have 1 in common  to which may be added  Streptocerus   which 
represents in Chili the Australian  Lamprima   
 
Among the special features presented by the distribution of the Lucanid    
may be mentioned  the remarkable group of genera   Pholidotus   
 Chiasognathus   and  Sphenognathus   confined to Temperate South America  
the Andes  and mountains of Brazil   Lucanus   19 sp    almost confined to 
the Oriental and Pal  arctic regions  three species only inhabiting North 
America   Odontolabris   29 sp    wholly Oriental  with 2 sp  in Celebes  
 Nigidius   11 sp    Ethiopian  but with species in Formosa  the 
Philippines  and Malacca   Syndesus   11 sp    common to Australia  New 
Caledonia  and South America   Figulus   20 sp    divided between Africa 
and Madagascar on the one hand  and Australia  with the Malay and Pacific 
Islands  on the other  
 
The facts of distribution here sketched out are in perfect accordance with 
those of many groups of Vertebrates  The regions are sharply contrasted by 
their peculiar and characteristic genera  the several relations of those 
regions are truly indicated  while there is a comparatively small 
proportion of cases of anomalous or eccentric distribution  
 
 
 494 CETONIID     120 Genera  970 Species   
 
As representative of the enormous group of the Lamellicorns  which  
according to continental entomologists  forms a single family numbering 
nearly 7 000 species  we take the Cetoniid   or Rose Chafers  These comprise 
a number of the most brilliant and beautifully coloured insects  including 
the gigantic  Goliathi   which are among the largest of known beetles  They 
have been assiduously collected in every part of the world  and their 
classification has been elaborated by many of our most eminent 
entomologists  
 
The Cetoniid   are especially abundant in tropical and warm countries  yet 
far more so in the Old World than in the New  and in the Old World  the 
Ethiopian region exhibits a marvellous richness in this family  no less 
than 76 genera being found there  while 64  or more than half the total 
number  are peculiar to it  Next in richness  though still very far behind  
comes the Oriental region  with 29 genera  17 of which are peculiar  The 
Neotropical has only 14 genera  but all except two are peculiar to it  and 
one of these is not found out of the New World  The Australian region has 
11 genera  three only being peculiar  The Pal  arctic region has 13  with 4 
peculiar  the Nearctic 7  with 2 peculiar  The affinities of the regions 
for each other  as indicated by the genera confined to two adjacent 
regions  are in this family somewhat peculiar  The Ethiopian and Oriental 
show the most resemblance  6 genera being common and peculiar to the two  
the Oriental and the Australian are unusually well contrasted  having only 
one genus exclusively in common  while 8 genera are found in the Indo Malay 
Islands which do not cross the boundary to the Austro Malayan division  and 
several others only pass to the nearest adjacent islands  on the other 
hand  the only large Australian genus   Schizorhina   is found in many 
parts of the Moluccas  but not further west  The Australian and Neotropical 
regions exhibit no direct affinity  the nearest ally to the South American 
Gymnetid   being  Clinteria   an African and Asiatic genus  while not a 
single genus is common  495 to Australia and South America  The Nearctic 
and Pal  arctic regions have 3 genera in common  which are found in no other 
part of the world  
 
Among the special features of interest connected with the distribution of 
this family  we must first notice the exceptional richness of Madagascar  
which alone possesses 21 peculiar genera  South Africa is also very rich  
having 8 peculiar genera   Stethodesma  is very peculiar  being divided 
between South America and Mexico on the one hand  and West and South Africa 
on the other   Stalagmosoma  is a desert genus  ranging from Persia to 
Dongola  No genus is cosmopolitan  or even makes any approach to being so  
except  Valgus   which occurs in all the regions except the Neotropical  
and even the family seems to be not universally distributed  since no 
species are recorded either from New Zealand  the Pacific Islands  or the 
Antilles  
 
The facts here brought forward  lead us to the conclusion that the 
Cetoniid   are an Old World tropical family  which had been well developed 
in Africa and Asia before it spread to Australia and America  and that it 
is only capable of being freely dispersed in the warmer regions of the 
earth  This view will explain the absence of affinity between the 
Australian and Neotropical regions  the only closer connection between 
which  has almost certainly occurred in the colder portions of the 
Temperate zone  
 
 
BUPRESTID     109 Genera  2 686 Species   
 
The next family suited to our purpose is that of the Buprestid    consisting 
as it does of many large and some gigantic species  generally adorned with 
brilliant metallic colours  and attracting attention in all warm countries  
Although these insects attain their full development of size and beauty 
only in the Tropics  they are not much less abundant in the warmer parts of 
the Temperate zone  In the Catalogue of the Coleoptera of Europe and the 
Mediterranean Basin  by M  de Marseul  1863   we find 317 species of 
Buprestid   enumerated  although  496 the district in question only forms a 
part of the Pal  arctic region  which would thus seem to possess its full 
proportion of the species of this family  Confining ourselves to the 
generic forms  we find far less difference than usual between the numbers 
possessed by the tropical and the temperate regions  the richest being the 
Australian  with 47 genera  20 of which are peculiar  and the poorest the 
Nearctic  with 24 genera  of which 7 are peculiar  The Oriental has 41 
genera  14 of which are peculiar  the Neotropical 39  of which the large 
proportion of 18 are peculiar  the Ethiopian 27  of which 6 are peculiar  
and the Pal  arctic also 27  but with 9 peculiar  
 
A most interesting feature in the distribution of this family  is the 
strong affinity shown to exist between the Australian and Neotropical 
regions  which have 4 genera common to both and found nowhere else  but 
besides this  the extensive and highly characteristic Australian genus  
 Stigmodera   is closely related to a number of peculiar South American 
genera  such as  Conognatha    Hyperantha    Dactylozodes    the last 
altogether confined to Chili and Temperate South America  Here we have a 
striking contrast to the Cetoniid    and we can hardly help concluding  
that  as the latter is typically a tropical group  so the present family  
although now so largely tropical  had an early and perhaps original 
development in the temperate regions of Australia  spreading thence to 
Temperate South America as well as to the tropical regions of Asia and 
Africa  The Australian and Oriental regions have 4 genera exclusively in 
common  but they also each possess a number of peculiar or characteristic 
genera  such as the Indo Malayan  Catoxantha   which has only a single 
species in the Moluccas  and nine others of less importance  and the 
exclusively Austro Malayan genus   Sambus   with five smaller groups  and 
 Cyphogastra   with only 2 Indo Malay species  The Oriental and Ethiopian 
regions are very distinct  only possessing the single genus   Sternocera   
exclusively in common  The Nearctic and Pal  arctic are also distinct  only 
one genus   Dicerca   being confined to America  North and South  and 
Europe  a fact which again points to a southern origin for this family  and 
its comparatively recent extension into the  497 North Temperate zone  It 
must be remembered  however  that in view of the immense geological 
antiquity of the existing families of Beetles  dating back certainly to the 
Secondary and probably to the Pal  ozoic epoch   comparatively recent  may 
still be of considerable antiquity  
 
It is somewhat singular that North and South America have no genera 
exclusively in common  The connection between South America and Africa 
seems to be shown   by the genus  Psiloptera   the mass of the species 
being divided between these regions  with a few widely scattered over the 
globe  and the American genus  Actenodes   which has one species in West 
Africa  Somewhat allied  is the extensive genus  Polybothris   strictly 
confined to Madagascar  The genus  Agrilus  is perhaps cosmopolitan  
although no species of the family is recorded from New Zealand  Among the 
peculiarities of distribution we may notice   the genus  Sponsor   with 8 
species in the island of Mauritius  1 in Celebes  and 1 in New Guinea  
 Ptosima   scattered between the United States  Mendoza in South Temperate 
America  South Europe  the Philippine Islands  and North China  
 Polycesta   which besides inhabiting South America  North America  and 
Europe  has a single species in Madagascar  and  Belionota   which has 8 
species African  8 Indo Malayan  2 Austro Malayan  and 1 in California  The 
extensive genus  Acm  odera   is most abundant in the warm and dry portions 
of the Pal  arctic  Ethiopian  and Nearctic regions  with some in the Andes 
and South Temperate America  a few in Brazil and the West Indies  and 1 
said to be from the Philippines  About one third of the genera  containing 
more than half the species  have a tolerably extensive range  while the 
genera confined to single regions contain only about one fourth of the 
total number of species  
 
It will  I think  be admitted  after a careful study of the preceding 
facts  that the regions and sub regions here adopted  serve to exhibit  
with great clearness  the chief phenomena of distribution presented by this 
interesting family  
 
 
 498 LONGICORNIA   1 488 Genera  7 576 Species   
 
The elegant and admired group of the Longicorn Beetles  is treated by 
continental authors as a single family  consisting of three 
sub divisions  the Prionid    Cerambycid    and Lamiid   of English 
entomologists  These are so closely related  and are so similar in form  
habits  and general distribution  that it will be best to consider the 
whole as one group  noticing whatever peculiarities occur in the separate 
divisions  The endless structural differences among these insects  have led 
to their being classed in an unusual number of genera  which average little 
more than 5 species each  a number far below that in any of the other 
families we have been considering  and probably below that which obtains in 
any of the more extensive groups of animals or plants  This excessive 
subdivision of the genera  a large number of which consist of only one or 
two species  renders it difficult to determine with precision the relations 
of the several regions  since the affinities of these genera for each other 
are in many cases undetermined  A group of such enormous extent as this  
can only be properly understood after years of laborious study  we must 
therefore content ourselves with such results as may be obtained from a 
general survey of the group  and from a comparison of the range of the 
several genera  by means of a careful tabulation of the mass of details 
given in the recent Catalogue of Messrs  Gemminger and Harold and the noble 
work of Lacordaire  
 
The proportionate extent of the three families of Longicorns is very 
unequal  the Prionid   comprising about 7 per cent   the Cerambycid   44 per 
cent   and the Lamiid   49 per cent  of the total number of species  and the 
genera are nearly in the same proportions  being almost exactly 10  40  and 
50 per cent  of the whole  respectively  or  135 Prionid    609 Cerambycid    
and 746 Lamiid    The several regions  however  present marked differences 
in their proportions of these families  In the two North Temperate regions  
the Cerambycid   are considerably more numerous than the Lamiid    in the 
proportion of about 12 to  499 9  and in this respect the Neotropical 
region agrees with them  though the superiority in the proportion of 
Cerambycid   is somewhat less  In the Old World tropical regions  however  
and in Australia  the Lamiid   greatly preponderate  being nearly double in 
the Oriental and Ethiopian regions  or as 11 to 6   while in the Australian 
it is as 6 to 5  The Prionid   show a similar difference  though in a less 
degree  being proportionately more numerous in the North Temperate and 
Neotropical regions  Now  as regards the North Temperate regions  this 
difference can be  to some extent explained  by a difference in the habits 
of the insects  The Lamiid    which both in the larva and perfect state have 
exceedingly powerful jaws  exclusively frequent timber trees  and almost 
always such as are dead  while the Cerambycid    are generally more delicate 
and have weaker mandibles  and many of the species live on shrubs  dead 
twigs  foliage  and even on flowers  The immense superiority of the Tropics 
in the number and variety of their timber trees  and the extent of their 
forests  sufficiently accounts for their superiority to the Temperate 
regions in the development of Lamiid    but the great excess of Cerambycid   
in South America as compared with the rest of the Tropics  is not to be so 
readily explained  
 
Bearing in mind the different proportions of the families  as above noted  
we may now consider the distribution of the Longicorns as a whole  In 
number of generic forms  the Neotropical region  as in so many other 
groups  has a marked superiority  It possesses 516 genera  489 of which  or 
about 19 20 of the whole  are peculiar to it  The Australian and Oriental 
regions come next  and are exactly equal  both possessing 360 genera  and 
having almost exactly the same proportion  in each case a little less than 
    peculiar  The Ethiopian region has 262 genera  with about 5 6 peculiar  
the Pal  arctic 196  with 51  rather more than     peculiar  and the Nearctic 
111  with 59  a little more than half  peculiar  The more isolated of the 
sub regions are also well characterised by peculiar genera  Thus  Chili 
with Temperate South America possesses 37  a large proportion being 
Cerambycid    the Malagasi group 26   500 with a preponderance of Lamiid    
and New Zealand 12  of which the Cerambycid   are only slightly in excess  
 
The relations between the Longicorn fauna of the several regions  are such 
as are in accordance with the dependence of the group on a warm climate and 
abundant vegetation  and indicate the efficiency of deserts and oceans as 
barriers to their migration  The Neotropical and Australian regions have 
only 4 genera in common  but these are sufficient to show  that there must 
probably once have been some means of communication between the two 
regions  better adapted to these insects than any they now possess  The 
Nearctic and Neotropical regions have 5  and the Nearctic and Pal  arctic 13 
genera in common and peculiar to them  the latter fact being the most 
remarkable  because no means of inter communication now exists  except in 
high latitudes where the species of the Longicorns are very few  The 
Oriental and Australian regions  on the other hand  are closely connected  
by having no less than 52 genera of Longicorns in common and peculiar to 
them  Most of these are specially characteristic of the Malay Archipelago  
often extending over all the islands from Sumatra to New Guinea  This large 
number of wide spread genera of course gives a character of uniformity to 
the entire area over which they extend  and  with analogous facts occurring 
in other families  has led many entomologists to reject that division of 
the Archipelago between the Australian and Oriental regions  which has been 
so overwhelmingly demonstrated to be the natural one in the case of the 
higher animals  The general considerations already advanced in Chapter II  
enable us  however  to explain such anomalies as this  by the great 
facilities that exist for the transfer from island to island of such small 
animals  so closely connected with woody vegetation in every stage of their 
existence  That this is the true and sufficient explanation  is rendered 
clear by certain additional facts  which those who object to the sharp 
division of the Indo Malay and Austro Malay sub regions have overlooked  
 
An analysis of all the Malay Longicorns proves  that besides the 52 genera 
characteristic of the Archipelago as a whole  there are 100 genera which 
are confined to one or other of its component  501 sub regions  Many of 
these  it is true  consist of single species confined to a single island  
and we will not lay any stress on these  but there are also several 
important groups  which extend over the Indo Malay or the Austro Malay 
islands only  stopping abruptly at the dividing line between them  For 
example  on the Indo Malay side we have  Euryarthrum    Leprodera   
 Aristobia    Coelosterna   and  Entelopes   and what is perhaps even more 
satisfactory  the large genera  Agelasta  and  Astathes   abundant in all 
the Indo Malay islands  but having only one or two species just passing the 
boundary into Celebes  On the other side we have  Tethionea   
 Sphingnotus    Arrhenotus    Tmesisternus   the last three genera 
abounding from New Guinea to Celebes  but totally unknown further west   
 Hestima    Trigonoptera    Amblymora    Stesilea    Enes   and the large 
genus  Micracantha   with but a single species beyond the boundary   30 
Austro Malayan genera in all  each found in more than one island  but none 
of them extending west of Celebes  Here we have clear proof that the 
boundary line between the two great regions exists for Longicorns  as well 
as for all other animals  but in this case an unusually large number have 
been able to get across it  This  however  does not abolish the barrier  
but only proves that it is not absolutely effectual in all cases  Those who 
maintain that the Malay Archipelago forms a single Coleopterous region  
must disprove or explain the instances of limited range here adduced  
 
Out of nearly 1500 known genera of these insects  only one genus   Clytus   
appears to be cosmopolitan   Saperda  and  Callichroma  are the only others 
that perhaps occur in every region  but these are both wanting over wide 
tracts of the earth s surface   Saperda  being absent from Tropical Africa 
and the Malay Archipelago  and  Callichroma  from the Australian region  
except one species in Polynesia  Many of the genera of Longicorns have a 
somewhat wide and scattered distribution  indicative of decadence or great 
antiquity   Mallodon  and  Parandra  are mostly South American  but have 
species in Australia and Africa   Oeme  is found in Brazil and the United 
States  with one species in West Africa   Ceratophorus  has 2 species in 
West Africa and 1 in New Zealand   Xystrocera  is mostly African  but has 
single species in  502 Borneo  Java  Amboyna and South Australia   Phyton  
has one species in North America and the other in Ceylon   Philagetes  has 
2 in South Africa  and 1 in Malacca   Toxotus  abounds in North America and 
Europe  with one species away in Madagascar   Leptura  is also North 
Temperate  but has a species at the Cape  one at Singapore and a third in 
Celebes   Necydalis  has species in North and South America  Europe and 
Australia   Hylotrupes  has 1 species in North America and Europe  and 1 in 
Australia   Leptocera  prefers islands  being found only in Ceylon  
Madagascar  Bourbon  Batchian  the New Hebrides  New Caledonia and North 
Australia   Hathliodes  is Australian  with 1 species in Ceylon  
 Schoenionta  has 3 Malayan species  and 1 in Natal  Many other cases 
equally curious could be quoted  but these are sufficient  They cannot be 
held to indicate any close relation between the distant countries in which 
species of the same genus are now found  but perhaps serve to remind us 
that groups of great antiquity  and probably of great extent  have dwindled 
away  leaving a few surviving relics scattered far and wide  the sole 
proofs of their former predominance  
 
 
 General Observations on the Distribution of Coleoptera   
 
We have now passed in review six of the most important and best known 
groups of the Coleoptera or Beetles  comprising about 2 400 genera  and 
more than 21 000 species  Although presenting certain peculiarities and 
anomalies  we have found that  on the whole  their distribution is in very 
close accordance with that of the higher animals  We have seen reason to 
believe that these great and well marked groups have a high geological 
antiquity  and by constantly bearing this fact in mind  we can account for 
many of the eccentricities of their distribution  They have probably 
survived changes of physical geography which have altogether extinguished 
many of the more highly organised animals  and we may perhaps gain some 
insight into the bearing of those changes  by considering the cross 
relations between the several regions indicated by them  On carefully 
tabulating the indications given by each of the groups here discussed  I 
arrive at the following approximate result  The  503 best marked affinities 
between the regions are those between the Nearctic and Pal  arctic   the 
Oriental and Australian   the Australian and Neotropical   which appear to 
be about equal in each case  Next comes that between the Ethiopian and 
Oriental on the one side  and the Ethiopian and Neotropical on the other  
which also appear about equal  Then follows that between the Nearctic and 
Neotropical regions  and lastly  and far the least marked  that between the 
North Temperate and South Temperate regions  That the relation between the 
Ethiopian and Neotropical region should be so comparatively well marked  is 
unexpected  but we must consider that in such a comparison as the present  
we probably get the result  not of any recent changes or intermigrations  
but of all the long series of changes and opportunities of migration that 
have occurred during many geological epochs   probably during the whole of 
the Tertiary period  perhaps extending far back into the Secondary age  
 
It appears evident that Insects exhibit in a very marked degree in their 
actual distribution  the influence both of very ancient and very modern 
conditions of the earth s surface  The effects of the ancient geographical 
features of the earth  are to be traced  in the large number of cases of 
discontinuous and widely scattered groups which we meet with in almost 
every family  and which  to some extent  obscure the broader features of 
distribution due to the period during which the barriers which divide the 
several primary regions have continued to exist  And this  which we may 
consider as the normal distribution  is still further obscured in those 
cases where the barriers between existing regions are of such a nature as 
to admit of the free passage of insects or their larva in a variety of 
ways  and  what is perhaps of more importance  in which the physical 
features on both sides of the barrier are so nearly identical  as to admit 
of the ready establishment of such immigrants as may occasionally arrive  
These conditions concur  for some families of insects  in the case of the 
Oriental and Australian portions of the Malay Archipelago  and it is there 
that the normal distribution has been sometimes greatly obscured  but 
never  as we have sufficiently shown  by any means obliterated  
 
 
 
 
 504 CHAPTER XXII  
 
AN OUTLINE OF THE GEOGRAPHICAL DISTRIBUTION OF MOLLUSCA  
 
 
The Mollusca being for the most part marine  it does not enter into the 
plan of this work to go into much detail as to their distribution  The 
orders and families will  however  be passed briefly in review  and all 
terrestrial and fresh water groups discussed in somewhat more detail  with 
the object of showing how far their distribution accords with that of the 
higher animals  and to what extent the anomalies they present can be 
explained by peculiarities of organisation and habits  If the views 
advocated in our fifth chapter are correct  the regions there marked out 
must apply to all classes of animals  and it will be the task of the 
students of each group  to work out in detail the causes which have led to 
any special features of distribution  All I can hope to do here  is to 
show  generally and tentatively  that such a mode of treatment is possible  
and that it is not necessary  as it is certainly not convenient or 
instructive  to have a distinct set of  Regions  established for each class 
or order in the Animal and Vegetable Kingdoms  
 
For all the Marine groups I have merely summarised the information 
contained in Mr  Woodward s  Manual of the Mollusca   but in the case of 
the Land Shells I have consulted the most recent general works  and 
endeavoured to give an accurate  though doubtless a very incomplete  
account of the most interesting facts in their distribution  As their 
classification is very unsettled  I have followed that of the two latest 
great works  by Martens and Pfeiffer  
 
 
 505 CLASS   CEPHALOPODA  
 
 
 Order I   DIBRANCHIATA   
 
 
FAMILY 1   ARGONAUTID     Paper Nautilus    1 Genus  4 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Open seas of all warm regions  Two species fossil in 
Tertiary deposits  
 
 
FAMILY 2   OCTOPODID     Polypi    7 Genera  60 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Norway to New Zealand  all tropical and temperate seas and 
coasts  
 
 
FAMILY 3   TEUTHID     Squids or Sea pens    16 Genera  102 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Universal  to Greenland  2 other genera are fossil  in the 
Lias and Oolite  
 
 
FAMILY 4   SEPIAD     Cuttle Fish    1 Genus  30 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   All seas  4 other genera are fossil  in Eocene and Miocene 
deposits  
 
 
FAMILY 5   SPIRULID     1 Genus  3 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   All the warmer seas  
 
 
 506 FAMILY 6   BELEMNITID    Fossil   6 Genera  100 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Lias to Chalk in Europe  India and North America  
 
 
 Order II   TETRABRANCHIATA   
 
 
FAMILY 7   NAUTILID     1 Genus  3 Species  Living  4 Genera  300 Species  
Fossil   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Indian and Pacific Oceans  and the fossil species from the 
Silurian Period to the Tertiary  in all parts of the world  
 
 
FAMILY 8   ORTHOCERATID    Fossil   8 Genera  400 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Lower Silurian to Lias  
 
 
FAMILY 9   AMMONITID    Fossil   14 Genera  1100 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Upper Silurian to Chalk  Found at 16 000 feet elevation in 
the Himalayas  
 
 
 507 Class   GASTEROPODA  
 
 Order I   PROSOBRANCHIATA   
 
 
FAMILY 1   STROMBID     4 Genera  86 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The Strombid    or Wing shells  inhabit tropical and warm 
seas from the Mediterranean to New Zealand  most abundant in the Indian and 
Pacific Oceans  There are nearly 200 fossil species  from the Lias to 
Miocene and recent deposits  
 
 
FAMILY 2   MURICID     12 Genera  1000 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   All seas  most abundant in the Tropics   Trichotropis  is 
confined to Northern seas   Murex  and  Fusus  are cosmopolitan  There are 
about 700 fossil species  ranging from the Oolite to the Miocene and recent 
formations  
 
 
FAMILY 3   BUCCINID     24 Genera  1100 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The Buccinid    or  Whelks   range over the whole world  but 
some of the genera are restricted   Buccinum  inhabits the north and south 
temperate seas   Monoceros  the West Coast of America   Cassidaria  the 
Mediterranean   Phos    Harpa    Eburna   and  Ricinula   are confined to 
the Pacific   Dolium  inhabits the Mediterranean as well as the Pacific  
There are about 350 fossil species  mostly from the Eocene and Miocene 
beds  
 
 
 508 FAMILY 4   CONID     3 Genera  850 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The Cones are universally distributed  but this applies only 
to the genus  Pleurotoma    Conus  is tropical and sub tropical  and 
 Cithara  is confined to the Philippine Islands  There are about 460 fossil 
species  from the Chalk formation to the most recent deposits  
 
 
FAMILY 5   VOLUTID     5 Genera  670 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The Volutes are mostly tropical  but a small species of 
 Mitra  is found at Greenland  and a  Marginella  in the Mediterranean  
 Cymba  is confined to the West Coast of Africa and Portugal   Voluta  
extends south to Cape Horn  There are about 200 fossil species  from the 
Chalk and Eocene to recent formations  
 
 
FAMILY 6   CYPR  ID     3 Genera  200 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The well known Cowries are found all over the world  but 
they are much more abundant in warm regions  One small species extends to 
Greenland  There are nearly 100 fossil species  from the Chalk to the 
Miocene and recent formations  
 
 
FAMILY 7   NATICID     5 Genera  270 species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The Naticid    or Sea snails  though most abundant in the 
Tropics  are found also in temperate seas  and far into the Arctic regions  
Two other genera are fossil  and there are about 300 extinct species  
ranging from the Devonian to the Pliocene formations  
 
 
 509 FAMILY 8   PYRAMIDELLID     10 Genera  220 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   These turreted shells are very widely distributed both in 
temperate and tropical seas  and most of the genera have also a wide range  
There are about 400 extinct species  from so far back as the Lower Silurian 
to the Pliocene formations  
 
 
FAMILY 9   CERITHIAD     5 Genera  190 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   These are marine  estuary  or fresh water shells  of an 
elongated spiral form  they have a world wide distribution  but are most 
abundant in the Tropics   Potamides   41 sp    is the only fresh water 
genus  and is found in the rivers of Africa  India and China  to North 
Australia and California  Another genus is exclusively fossil  and there 
are about 800 extinct species  ranging from the Trias to the Eocene and 
recent formations  
 
 
FAMILY 10   MELANIAD     3 Genera  410 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Fresh water only  lakes and rivers in warm countries  widely 
scattered  South Pal  arctic and Australian regions  from Spain to New 
Zealand  South Africa  West Africa  and Madagascar  United States  There 
are about 50 fossil species  from the Wealden and Eocene to recent 
formations  
 
 
FAMILY 11   TURRITELLID     5 Genera  230 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Universal   C  cum  is found in north temperate seas only  
The other genera are mostly tropical  but some species reach Iceland and 
Greenland  There are near 300 species fossil  ranging from the Neocomian to 
the Pliocene formations  
 
 
 510 FAMILY 12   LITTORINID     9 Genera  310 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The Littorinid   are mostly found on the coasts in shallow 
water  as the common Periwinkle   Littorina littorea    They are of 
world wide distribution  but  Solarium  and  Phorus  are tropical  while 
 Lacuna    Skenea   and most species of  Rissoa  are Northern  About 180 
species are fossil  ranging from the Permian to the Pliocene formations  
 
 
FAMILY 13   PALUDINID     4 Genera  217 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The Paludinid    or River snails  are all fresh water  and 
range over the whole world   Paludina   60 sp    is confined to the 
Northern Hemisphere   Ampullaria   136 sp    is tropical   Amphibola   3 
sp    inhabits New Zealand and the Pacific Islands   Valvata   18 sp    
North America and Britain  There are 72 fossil species of  Paludina  and 
 Valvata   in the Wealden formation and more recent fresh water deposits  
 
 
FAMILY 14   NERITID     10 Genera  320 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   All warm seas  ranging north to Norway and the Caspian Sea  
 Neritina  and  Navicella  inhabit fresh or brackish waters  the latter 
confined to the countries bordering the Indian Ocean and the islands of the 
Pacific  There are 80 fossil species  from the Trias  Lias  and Eocene 
formations down to recent deposits  
 
 
FAMILY 15   TURBINID     10 Genera  425 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The genus TROCHUS  200 sp   has a world wide range  but the 
other genera are mostly tropical  and are most abundant in the Indian and 
Pacific Oceans  There are more than 900 fossil species  found in all parts 
of the world  from the Lower Silurian to the Tertiary formations  
 
 
 511 FAMILY 16   HALIOTID     6 Genera  106 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The Ear shells are most abundant in the Indian and Pacific 
Oceans  some are found on the east coasts of the Atlantic  but there are 
very few in the West Indies   Ianthina   10 sp   consists of floating 
oceanic snails found in the warm parts of the Atlantic  Three other genera 
are fossil  and there are near 500 fossil species of this family ranging 
from the Lower Silurian to the Pliocene formations  
 
 
FAMILY 17   FISSURELLID     5 Genera  200 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   All seas   Puncturella   6 sp   is confined to Northern and 
Antarctic seas   Rimula  to the Philippines  and  Parmophorus   15 sp   
from the Cape of Good Hope to the Philippines and New Zealand  There are 
about 80 fossil species  ranging from the Carboniferous formation to the 
deposits of the Glacial epoch  
 
 
FAMILY 18   CALYPTR  ID     4 Genera  125 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The Calptr  id    or Bonnet Limpets  are found on the coasts 
of all seas from Norway to Chili and Australia  but are most abundant 
within the Tropics  The genera are all widely scattered  There are 75 
fossil species  ranging from the Devonian to recent formations  
 
 
FAMILY 19   PATELLID     4 Genera  254 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The Patellid    or Limpets  are universally distributed  and 
are as abundant in the temperate as in tropical seas  There are about 100 
fossil species  ranging from the Silurian to the Tertiary formations  
 
 
 512 FAMILY 20   DENTALIAD     1 Genus  50 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The genus  Dentalium  is found in the North Atlantic  
Mediterranean  West Indies and India  There are 125 fossil species  found 
in various formations as far back as the Devonian in Europe and in Chili  
 
 
FAMILY 21   CHITONID     1 Genus  250 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   On rocky shores in all parts of the world  There are 37 
fossil species ranging back to the Silurian period  
 
 
 Order II   PULMONIFERA    Terrestrial Molluscs     
 
The Land and Fresh water snails are so important and extensive a group  and 
their classification has been so carefully studied  that their geographical 
distribution is a subject of much interest  The range of the genera will 
therefore be given in some detail  For the Helicid   I follow the classical 
work of Albers   Die Helicien   Von Martens  Edition  1860   and for the 
Operculate families  Pfeiffer s  Monographia Pneumonopomorum Viventium   
2nd Supplement  1865  The number of species is  of course  very 
considerably increased since these works were published  and the probable 
amount of the increase I have in most cases indicated   but this does not 
materially affect the great features of their geographical distribution  
 
 
FAMILY 22   HELICID     33 Genera  3 332 Species   1860   
 
GENERAL DISTRIBUTION   Universal  
 
The Helicid    or Snails  are a group of immense extent and absolutely 
cosmopolitan in their range  being found in the most barren deserts and on 
the smallest islands  all over the globe  They reach to near the line of 
perpetual snow on mountains  and  513 to the limit of trees or even 
considerably beyond it  in the Arctic regions  but they are comparatively 
very scarce in all cold countries  The Antilles  the Philippine Islands  
Equatorial America  and the Mediterranean sub region are especially rich in 
this family  Comparatively few of the genera  and those generally small 
ones  are restricted to single regions  but on the other hand very few are 
generally distributed  only two   Helix  and  Pupa   occurring in all the 
six regions  while  Helix  alone is truly cosmopolitan  occurring in every 
sub region  in every country  and perhaps in every island on the globe  
 
The Neotropical region is  on the whole  the richest in this family  the 
continental Equatorial districts producing an abundance of large and 
handsome species  while the Antilles are pre eminent for the number of 
their peculiar forms  This region possesses 22 of the genera  and 6 of them 
are peculiar  
 
The Pal  arctic region seems to come next in productiveness  but this may be 
partly owing to its having been so thoroughly explored  It possesses 16 of 
the genera  and 3 of them are confined to it  The great mass of the species 
are found in the warm and fertile countries surrounding the Mediterranean 
Sea  
 
The Ethiopian region has 13 genera  only one of which is peculiar  
 
The Australian region has 14 genera  2 of which are confined to the Pacific 
Islands  
 
The Oriental has 15 genera and the Nearctic 12  but in neither case are 
there any peculiar generic types  
 
The following is the distribution of the several genera taken in the order 
of their magnitude    
 
 Helix   1 115 sp    cosmopolitan  This genus is divided into 88 
sub genera  a number of which have a limited distribution  An immense 
quantity of species have been recently described  so that the number now 
exceeds 2 000  
 
 Nanina   290 sp   is characteristic of the Oriental and Australian 
regions  over the whole of which it extends  just entering the Pal  arctic 
region as far as North China and Japan  Isolated from this area is a small 
group of 4 species occurring  514 in West Africa  The number of species in 
this genus have now been increased to about 400  
 
 Clausilia   272 sp   is most abundant in Europe  with a few species widely 
scattered in India  Malaya  China  Japan  Equatorial America  and one in 
Porto Rico  The described species have been increased to nearly 500  
 
 Bulimulus   210 sp   is American  and almost exclusively Neotropical  
ranging from Montevideo and Chili  to the West Indian Islands  California 
and Texas  with two sub genera confined to the Galapagos Islands  About 100 
new species have been described since the issue of the second edition of 
Dr  Woodward s Manual  
 
 Pupa   210 sp   abounds most in Europe and the Arctic regions  but has a 
very wide range  being scattered throughout Africa  continental India  
Australia  the Pacific Islands  North America to Greenland  and the 
Antilles  but it is absent from South America  the Himalayan and Malayan 
sub regions  China and Japan  An extinct species has occurred abundantly in 
the carboniferous strata of North America  About 160 additional species 
have been described  
 
 Bulimus   172 sp   abounds most in Tropical South America  it is also 
found from Burmah eastward through Malaya to the Solomon and Fiji Islands  
there are also scattered species in Patagonia  St  Vincents  Texas  St  
Helena  and New Zealand  More than 100 additional species have been 
described  
 
 Buliminus   132 sp   ranges from Central and South Europe over the whole 
Ethiopian and Oriental regions to North China  and through the Australian 
to New Zealand  there is also a single outlying species in the Galapagos 
Islands  About 50 more species have been described  
 
 Cochlostyla   127 sp   is almost peculiar to the Philippine Islands  
beyond which  are a species in Borneo  one in Java  and two in Australia  
Very few new species have been added to this genus  
 
 Achatinella   95 sp   is absolutely confined to the Sandwich Island group  
Recent researches have more than tripled the number of described species  
 
 515  Achatina   87 sp   is most abundant and finest in the Ethiopian 
region  over the whole of which it ranges  but there are also species in 
Florida  the Antilles  the Sandwich Islands  Ceylon and India  The 
described species are now more than doubled  
 
 Hyalina   84 sp   inhabits all Tropical America and the Antilles  North 
America to Greenland  and Europe to the Arctic regions  Comparatively few 
new species have been described  
 
 Cylindrella   83 sp   inhabits the West Indian islands and Guatemala to 
Texas  with a sub genus in the Philippine Islands  Species since described 
have more than trebled the number in this genus  
 
 Cionella   67 sp   is widely scattered  in India from Ceylon to the Khasia 
Mountains  Brazil  New Granada  the West Indian islands  Pal  arctic  and 
northern part of Nearctic regions  Pacific Islands  New Zealand  and Juan 
Fernandez  About 20 new species have since been described  
 
 Glandina   66 sp    Peru to South Carolina and the Antilles  with three 
species in Central Africa and one in South Europe  About 40 species have 
been added to this genus  
 
 Stenogyra   49 sp    widely distributed  Tropical America and West Indies 
to Florida  South and West Africa  the Mediterranean region  India and the 
Philippines  About a dozen new species have been described  
 
 Succinea   41 sp    widely scattered in all the regions  and in St  
Helena  Juan Fernandez  Tahiti  Chiloe  Greenland  West Africa  Himalayas 
and Australia  The described species are now more than 100  
 
 Partula   39 sp    Solomon Islands to Tahiti and Sandwich Islands  This 
genus has also been increased to near 100 species  
 
 Streptaxis   34 sp    most abundant in Tropical South America  but occurs 
in West Africa  the Seychelles and Rodriguez Islands  Ceylon and Burmah  It 
now contains over 100 described species  
 
 Spiraxis   33 sp    Yucatan to Mexico  and less abundant in the West 
Indian Islands  About 20 species have been added  
 
 516  Macroceramus   27 sp    Antilles  Florida  and Peru  The species have 
been more than doubled  
 
 Vitrina   26 sp    widely scattered through North and Central Europe  
North west America and Greenland  Abyssinia  Madagascar and South Africa  
Himalayas to Burmah and Australia  Species since described have more than 
doubled the number in this genus  
 
 Orthalicus   23 sp    Bolivia to Mexico and Antilles  This genus has been 
increased to about 40 species  
 
 Sagda   19 sp    Antilles only  Very few new species  if any  have been 
described  
 
 Zonites   12 sp    South Europe  with one species of a distinct type in 
Guatemala  The number of species in this genus has been since about 
tripled  
 
 Leucochroa   11 sp    Mediterranean region to Syria and Arabia Petrea  
 
 Simpulopsis   7 sp    Bahia  Antilles  and far away in the Solomon 
Islands  Two or three have been added  
 
 Balea   6 sp    Middle and North Europe  Brazil  and the Island of Tristan 
d Acunha  
 
 Daudebardia   6 sp    Central and South Europe  and a species has since 
been discovered in New Zealand  
 
 Macrocycles   4 sp    Chili  California  Oregon and Central North America  
 
 Columna   3 sp    West Africa  Princes Islands and Madagascar  
 
 Stenopus   2 sp    Island of St  Vincent  West Indies   
 
 Pfeifferia   2 sp    Philippines and Moluccas  
 
 Testacella   2 sp    West Europe and Teneriffe  About 8 species have been 
since described  including one from New Zealand  
 
Fossil species of  Helix    Bulimus    Achatina    Balea   and  Clausilia   
are found in all the Tertiary formations  while a species of  Pupa   as 
already stated  occurs in the carboniferous formation  For interesting 
details of the distribution of the sub genera and species of  Achatinella  
in the Sandwich Islands  see a paper by Rev  J  T  Gulick in the  Journal 
of the Linnean Society    Zoology  vol  xi  p  496   
 
 
 517 FAMILY 23   LIMACID      12 Genera  116 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
              1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4        3     1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
The Limacid    or Slugs  are widely distributed  but they are absent from 
South America  where they are represented by the next family  They also 
seem to be absent from the greater part of Africa  The genera are 
distributed as follows    
 
 Limax   51 sp    Pal  arctic region  Australia and the Sandwich Islands  
 Anadenus   2 sp    Himalayas   Philomychus   9 sp    North America  China 
and Java   Arion   25 sp    Norway to Spain and South Africa   Parmacella  
 7 sp    South Europe  Canary Islands and North India   Janella   1 sp    
New Zealand   Aneitea   1 sp    New Hebrides and New Caledonia   Parmarion  
 4 sp    India   Triboniophorus   3 sp    Australia   Testacella   3 sp    
South Europe  Canary Islands  and New Zealand   Hyalimax   2 sp    Bourbon 
and Mauritius   Krynickia   8 sp    Eastern Europe and North America  A few 
species of  Limax    Arion   and  Testacella  have been found fossil in 
Tertiary deposits  
 
 
FAMILY 24   ONCIDIAD     2 Genera  36 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4              1  2                 4  1  2  3  4      2    4 
                                                               
 
The Oncidiad    or Slugs with a coriaceous mantle  inhabit the Oriental 
region  Mauritius  Australia  the Pacific Islands  South America and South 
Europe  The genera are    
 
 518  Oncidium   16 sp    South Europe  1 sp  British   Mauritius  
Australia and Pacific Islands  Vaginulus  20 sp    Neotropical and Oriental 
regions  
 
 
FAMILY 25   LIMN  ID     7 Genera  332 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4  1  2  3  4        3     1  2  3  4              
                                                               
 
The Limn  id    or Fresh water Snails  inhabit ponds and rivers in most parts 
of the world  but appear to be absent from the Australian region  The 
genera are distributed as follows    
 
 Limn  a   95 sp    Nearctic  Pal  arctic  and Oriental regions  
 Choanomphalos   2 sp    Lake Baikal   Pompholyx   2 sp    Western America  
 Chilinia   18 sp    South America   Physa   20 sp    Nearctic  Pal  arctic  
Ethiopian and Oriental regions  and extends to above 73   North Latitude in 
Siberia  being the most Arctic of land or fresh water shells   Ancylus   49 
sp    Nearctic and Neotropical regions  Europe and New Zealand   Planorbis  
 145 sp    Nearctic  Pal  arctic and Oriental regions  Several genera are 
found fossil  chiefly in the Wealden  Eocene  and Miocene formations  
 
 
FAMILY 26   AURICULID     3 Genera  210 Species   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
   1       4  1  2  3  4  1  2        1  2  3     1  2  3  4   1  2    4 
                                                               
 
The Auriculid   are chiefly found near the sea in hot countries  and are 
most abundant in the Eastern tropics  They are absent  519 from the East 
coast of South America  The genera have a somewhat restricted distribution 
as follows    
 
 Auricula   128 sp    India  Pacific Islands  Peru and West Indies  
 Melampus   56 sp    West Indies and Europe   Carychium   9 sp    Europe 
and North America   Plectrotrema   14 sp    Australia  Malay Islands  
China  Cuba   Blauneria   2 sp    West Indian and Sandwich Islands  There 
are many fossil species ranging back to the Eocene formation  
 
 
FAMILY 27   ACICULID     4 Genera  65 Species    1865   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3  4  1  2         1  2    4           4      2    4  1  2  3    
                                                               
 
The Aciculid   are small cylindrical shells chiefly found in the West Indian 
Islands  but with representatives widely scattered over the globe  
 
 Acicula   5 sp   is European only   Geomelania   21 sp    and  Chittya   1 
sp    are confined to the Island of Jamaica   Truncatella   38 sp    is 
most abundant in the Antilles  but is also found in some part of each of 
the six regions  as indicated by the diagram of the family  But few new 
species have been added to this group  
 
 
FAMILY 28   DIPLOMMATINID     3 Genera  23 Species    1865   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2                                             1    3  4   1  2  3  4 
                                                               
 
The Diplommatinid   are minute shells of the Oriental and Australian 
regions  
 
 520  Diplommatina   18 sp   inhabits India to Burmah  and the greater part 
of the Australian region  the number of species has now been doubled  and 
one has been discovered in the island of Trinidad   Clostophis   1 sp    
Moulmein   Paxillus   3 sp    Borneo  Hong Kong  and Loo Choo Islands  
 
 
FAMILY 29   CYCLOSTOMID     41 Genera  1009 Species    1865   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3  4        3              4        3  4  1  2  3  4  1          
                                                               
 
This extensive group  comprising the largest of the operculated 
land shells  is especially characteristic of the Oriental region  which 
possesses 25 genera  no less than 12 of them being wholly confined to it  
The Neotropical region comes next  with 15 genera  9 of which are peculiar  
but a large number of these are confined to the West Indian Islands  South 
America itself being very poor in this group  The Pal  arctic region has 3 
peculiar genera  the Ethiopian and Australian 1 each  The Nearctic region 
has but a single West Indian species in Florida  The distribution of the 
genera is as follows    
 
Peculiar to or characteristic of the Oriental region are   Opisthoporus  
 11 sp     Rhiostoma   6 sp     Alycaeus   39 sp     Opisthostoma   1 sp    
 Hybocistis   3 sp     Pterocyclos   19 sp    extending to the Moluccas  
 Aulopoma   4 sp     Dermatocera   4 sp     Leptopoma   54 sp    extending 
west to the Seychelles and east to the Moluccas and New Guinea  
 Cyclophorus   163 sp    most abundant in the Oriental region  but ranges 
to Japan  to Chili  and all Tropical America  over the whole Australian 
region  and to Natal and Madagascar   Cataulus   15 sp    confined to 
Ceylon  the Neilgherries and Nicobar Islands   Rhaphaulus   4 sp    Penang 
to Ceram   Streptaulus   1 sp     Arinia   3 sp     Pupinella   2 sp    
 Pupina   24 sp    half in North India to Philippines and  521 Japan  the 
other half in Moluccas  New Guinea and Australia   Cyclotopsis   2 sp    
India and Malaya   Registoma   9 sp    Philippines and Moluccas  New 
Caledonia and Pacific  
 
Characteristic of the Neotropical region are    Cyclotus   111 sp    half 
in the Antilles and Tropical America  the rest in the Moluccas  China  
Malaya  India  Natal  and the Seychelle Islands   Megalomastoma   27 sp    
abundant in Cuba  West Indies and South America  others in India  Malaya  
and Mauritius   Jamaicia   2 sp    Jamaica   Licina   5 sp    Antilles  
 Choanopoma   49 sp    Antilles   Ctenopoma   25 sp    Antilles  
 Diplopoma   1 sp    Cuba   Adamsiella   15 sp    Jamaica  Cuba  Guatemala  
 Cyclostomus   113 sp    abundant in Antilles  also occurs in Madagascar  
Arabia  Syria  Hungary and New Zealand   Tudora   34 sp    Antilles  and 
one species in Algeria   Cistula   40 sp     Chondropoma   94 sp    
 Bourcieria   2 sp    Tropical America  
 
Peculiar to or characteristic of the Pal  arctic region are    Craspedopoma  
 5 sp    confined to Madeira  the Azores and Canaries   Leonia   1 sp    
Spain and Algeria   Pomatias   22 sp    Europe and Canaries with a species 
in the Himalayas   Cecina   1 sp    Manchuria  
 
The Ethiopian region has the peculiar genus  Lithodion   5 sp    
Madagascar  Socotra and Arabia  and  Otopoma   19 sp    Mascarene Islands 
and Socotra  with a species in Western India and another in New Ireland  
 
The Australian region is characterised by  Callia   3 sp    in Ceram  
Australia  and the Philippines respectively   Realia   7 sp    New Zealand 
and the Marquesas Islands   Omphalotropis   38 sp    the Australian region  
with some species in India  Malaya  and the Mauritius  
 
The remaining genus   Hydrocena   27 sp    has a very widely scattered 
distribution  being found in South Europe  Japan  the Cape  China  Malaya  
New Zealand  the Pacific Islands and Chili  From 10 to 20 per cent  of new 
species have been since described in most of the genera of this family  
 
 
 522 FAMILY 30   HELICINID     7 Genera  433 Species    1868   
 
                           GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  
                                                                          
                                                                           
  NEOTROPICAL  NEARCTIC   PAL  ARCTIC   ETHIOPIAN   ORIENTAL    AUSTRALIAN 
  SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS SUB REGIONS  
                                                                           
                                                               
     2  3  4        3                                   3  4  1  2  3    
                                                               
 
The Helicinid   are very characteristic of the Antilles  comparatively few 
being found in any other part of the world except the Islands of the 
Pacific  The genera are    
 
 Trochatella   33 sp    Antilles with a species in Venezuela  and another 
in Cambodja   Lucidella   5 sp    Antilles   Helicina   274 sp    Antilles  
Pacific Islands  Tropical America  Southern United States  Moluccas  
Australia  Philippines  Java  Andaman Islands and North China  
 Schasicheila   5 sp    Mexico  Guatemala and Bahamas   Alcadia   28 sp    
Antilles   Georissa   5 sp   Moulmein to Burmah  About 10 per cent  of new 
species appear to have been since described in the larger genera of this 
family  
 
 
 General Observations on the Distribution of the Land Mollusca   
 
A consideration of the distribution of the families and genera of 
land shells shows us  that although they possess some special features  yet 
they agree in many respects with the higher animals in their limitation by 
great natural barriers  such as oceans  deserts  mountain ranges  and 
climatal zones  A remarkable point in the distribution of these animals  is 
the number of genera which have a very limited range  and also the 
prevalence of genera having species scattered  as it were at random  all 
over the earth  No less than 14 genera  or about one sixth of the whole 
number  are confined to the Antilles  while the greater part of the 
sub genera of modern authors are restricted to limited areas  
 
If we first compare the New World with the Old  we find the difference as 
regards genera quite as great as in most of the  523 vertebrates  In the 
Helicid    10 genera are confined to the New  and 7 to the Old World  16 
being common to both  In the Operculata the number of genera of restricted 
range is greater   the New World having 15  the Old World 32 genera  only 8 
being common to both  Of the New World genera 12 out of the 15 do not occur 
at all in South America  and of those of the Old World  22 out of the 32 
occur in a single region only  If we take the northern and southern 
division proposed by Professor Huxley  the latter comprising the Australian 
and Neotropical regions   we find a much less well marked diversity  Among 
the Helicid   only 4 are exclusively northern  8 southern  while among the 
Operculata 22 are northern  16 southern  The best way to compare these two 
kinds of primary division will be to leave out all those genera confined to 
a single region each  and to take account only of those characteristic of 
two or more of the combined regions  which will evidently show which 
division is the most natural one for this group  The result is as 
follows    
 
GENERA COMMON TO TWO OR MORE REGIONS IN  AND CONFINED TO  EACH PRIMARY 
DIVISION OF THE EARTH  
 
               Helicid      Operculata     Totals  
    Northern      0             0            0   
    Southern      0             0            0   
 
    Old World     1            12           13   
    New World     4             0            4   
 
We find then that the northern and southern division of the globe is not at 
all supported by the distribution of the terrestrial molluscs  It is indeed 
very remarkable  that the connection so apparent in many groups between 
Australia and South America is so scantily indicated here  The only facts 
supporting it seem to be  the occurrence of  Geotrochus   a sub genus of 
Helix  in Brazil  as well as in the Austro Malayan and West Pacific Islands 
and North Australia  and of  Bulimus  in the same two parts of the globe  
but peculiar sub genera in each  But in neither case is there any affinity 
shown between the temperate portions of the two regions  so that we must 
probably trace this resemblance to some more ancient diffusion of types 
than that which led to the similarity of plants and insects  Still more 
curious is the entire  524 absence of genera confined to  and 
characteristic of Africa and India  One small sub genus of  Helix   
  Rachis    and one of  Achatina     Homorus    appear to have this 
distribution   a fact of but little significance when we find another 
sub genus of  Helix     Hapalus    common and confined to Guinea and the 
Philippine Islands  and when we consider the many other cases of scattered 
distribution which cannot be held to indicate any real connection between 
the countries implicated  No genus is confined to the Pal  arctic and 
Nearctic regions as a whole  A large number of sub genera  many of them of 
considerable extent  are peculiar to one or other of these regions  but 
only 3 sub genera of  Helix  and 2 of  Pupa  are common and peculiar to the 
two combined  and these are always such as have an Arctic range and whose 
distribution therefore offers no difficulty  
 
We find  then  that each of our six regions and almost all of our 
sub regions are distinctly confirmed by the distribution of the terrestrial 
mollusca  while the different combinations of them which have at various 
times been suggested  receive little or no support whatever  Even those 
remarkably isolated sub regions  New Zealand and Madagascar  have no 
strictly peculiar genera of land shells  although they both possess several 
peculiar sub genera  being thus inferior in isolation to some single West 
Indian Islands  to the Sandwich Islands  and even to the North Atlantic 
Islands  Canaries  Madeira  and Azores   each of which have peculiar 
genera  This of course  only indicates that the means by which land 
mollusca have been dispersed are somewhat special and peculiar  To 
determine in what this speciality consists we must consider some of the 
features of the specific distribution of this group  
 
The range of genera  and even of sub genera is  as we have seen  often wide 
and erratic  but as a general rule the species have a very restricted area  
 
Hardly a small island on the globe but has some land shells peculiar to it  
Juan Fernandez has 20 species  all peculiar  Madeira and Porto Santo have 
109 peculiar species out of a total of 134  Every little valley  plain  or 
hill top  in the Sandwich Islands  though only a few square miles in 
extent  has its  525 peculiar species of  Achatinella   Another striking 
feature of the distribution of land molluscs  is the richness of islands as 
compared with continents  The Philippines contain more species than all 
India  and those of the Antilles according to Mr  Bland almost exactly 
equal the numbers found in the entire American continent from Greenland to 
Patagonia  Taking the whole world  it appears that many more species of 
land shells are found in the islands than on the continents of the globe  a 
peculiarity that obtains in no other extensive group of animals  
 
Looking at these facts it seems probable  that the air breathing molluscs 
have been chiefly distributed by air  or water carriage  rather than by 
voluntary dispersal on the land  Even seas and oceans have not formed 
impassable barriers to their diffusion  whereas they only spread on dry 
land with excessive slowness and difficulty  The exact mode in which their 
diffusion is effected is not known  and it may depend on rare and 
exceptional circumstances  but it seems likely to occur in two ways  Snails 
frequently conceal themselves in crevices of trees or under bark  or attach 
themselves to stems or foliage  and either by their operculum or mucous 
diaphragm  are able to protect themselves from the injurious effects of 
salt water for long periods  They might therefore  under favourable 
conditions  be drifted across arms of the sea or from island to island  
while wherever there are large rivers and occasional floods  they would by 
similar means be widely scattered over land areas  Another possible mode of 
distribution is by means of storms and hurricanes  which would carry the 
smaller species for long distances  and might occasionally transport the 
eggs of the larger forms  Aquatic birds might occasionally get both shells 
and eggs attached to their feet or their plumage  and convey them across a 
wide extent of sea  But whether these  or some other unknown agency has 
acted  the facts of distribution clearly imply that some means of transport 
over water is  and has been  the chief agent in the distribution of these 
animals  but that its action is very rare or intermittent  so that its 
effects are hardly perceptible in the distribution of single species  
 
Another important factor in enabling us to account for the 
 526 distribution of these animals is the geological antiquity of the 
group  and the amount of change exhibited in time  by species and genera  
Now we find that most of the genera of land shells range back to the Eocene 
period  while those inhabiting fresh water are found almost unchanged in 
the Wealden  In North America a species of  Pupa  and one of  Zonites   
have been discovered in the coal measures  along with Labyrinthodonts  and 
this fact seems to imply  that many more terrestrial molluscs would be 
discovered  if fresh water deposits  made under favourable conditions  were 
more frequently met with in the older rocks  If then the existing groups of 
land molluscs are of such vast antiquity  and possess some means  however 
rarely occurring  of crossing seas and oceans  we need not wonder at the 
wide and erratic distribution now presented by so many of the groups  and 
we must not expect them to conform very closely to those regions which 
limit the range of animals of higher organization and less antiquity  
 
The total number of species of pulmoniferous mollusca is about 7 000  
according to the estimate of Mr  Woodward  brought down to 1868 by Mr  
Tate  But this number would be largely increased if the estimates of 
specialists were taken  Mr  Woodward for example  gives 760 as the number 
of species in the West Indian Islands  whereas Mr  Thomas Bland  who has 
made the shells of these islands a special study  considers that there were 
1 340 species in 1866  So  the land shells of the Sandwich Islands are 
given at 267  but Mr  Gulick has added 120 species of Achatinellid    
bringing the numbers up to nearly 400   but no doubt several of these are 
so closely related that many conchologists would class them as varieties  
The land shell fauna of the Antilles is undoubtedly the most remarkable in 
the world  and it has been made the subject of much interesting discussion 
by Mr  Bland and others  This fauna differs from that of all other parts of 
the globe in the proportions of the operculate to the inoperculate shells  
The Operculata of the globe are about one seventh  the Inoperculata about 
six sevenths of the whole  and some general approximation to this 
proportion  or a much smaller one  exists in almost all the continents  
islands  and  527 archipelagoes  In the Philippines  for example  the 
proportion of the Operculata is a little more than one seventh  in the 
Mauritius  between one third and one fourth  in Madeira  one fourteenth  in 
the whole American continent about one eighth  but when we come to the 
Antilles we find them to amount to nearly five sixths  about half the 
Operculata of the globe being found there  
 
Mr  Bland endeavours to ascertain the source of some of the chief genera 
found in the West Indian Islands  on the principle that  each genus has had 
its origin where the greatest number of species is found   and then 
proceeds to determine that some have had an African  some an Asiatic  and 
some an American origin  while others are truly indigenous  But we fear 
there is no such simple way of arriving at so important a result  and in 
the case of groups of extreme antiquity like the genera of mollusca  it 
would seem quite as possible that the origin of a genus is generally  not  
where the greatest number of species are now found  For during the repeated 
changes of physical conditions that have everywhere occurred since the 
Eocene period  to go no further back  every genus must have made extensive 
migrations  and have often become largely developed in some other district 
than that in which it first appeared  As a proof of this  we not 
unfrequently find fossil shells where the species and even the genus now no 
longer exists  as  Auricula   found fossil in Europe  but only living in 
the Malay and Pacific Islands   Anastoma  and  Megaspira   now peculiar to 
Brazil  but fossil in the Eocene of France  and  Proserpina  of the West 
Indies  found in the Eocene formation of the Isle of Wight  The only means 
by which the origin of a genus can satisfactorily be arrived at  is by 
tracing back its fossil remains step by step to an earlier form  and this 
we have at present no means of doing in the case of the land shells  Taking 
existing species as our guide we should certainly have imagined that the 
genus  Equus  originated in Africa or Central Asia  but recent discoveries 
of numerous extinct species and of less specialized forms of the same type  
seem to indicate that it originated in North America  and that the whole 
tribe of  horses  may be  for anything we yet know  528 to the contrary  
recent immigrants into the Old World  This example alone must convince us  
that it is impossible to form any conclusion as to the origin of a genus  
from the distribution of existing species only  
 
The general conclusion we arrive at  therefore  is  that the causes that 
have led to the existing distribution of the genera and higher groups of 
the terrestrial mollusca are so complex  and have acted through such long 
periods  that most of the barriers which limit the range of other 
terrestrial animals do not apply to them  although the species are  in most 
cases  strictly limited by them  Some means of diffusion  which  though 
probably acting very slowly and at long intervals  and more powerfully on 
continents than between islands  is yet highly efficient when we consider 
the long duration of genera  has  to a considerable extent  dispersed them 
across continents  seas  and oceans  On the other hand  those mountain 
barriers which separate many groups of the higher vertebrates  are 
generally less ancient than the genera of land shells  which are thus often 
distributed independently of them  In order to compare the distribution of 
the terrestrial mollusca on equal terms with those of land animals 
generally  we must take genera of the former as equivalent to family groups 
of the latter  and we shall  I believe  then find that the distribution of 
the sub genera and smaller groups of species do accord mainly with those 
divisions of the earth into regions and sub regions which we have here 
indicated  Mr  Harper Pease  in a communication on Polynesian Land Shells 
in the  Proceedings of the Zoological Society  for 1871  p  449   marks out 
the limits of the Polynesian sub region  so as exactly to agree with that 
arrived at here from a consideration of the distribution of vertebrata  and 
he says that this sub region   or region  as he terms it  is distinctly 
characterised by its land shells from all the surrounding regions  The 
genera  or sub genera   Partula    Pitys    Achatinella    Palaina   
 Omphalotropis   and many others  are either wholly confined to this 
sub region or highly characteristic of it  Mr  Binney  in his  Catalogue of 
the Air breathing Molluscs of North America   marks out our Nearctic region 
 with almost identical limits  as most clearly  529 characterised  He also 
arrives at a series of sub divisions  which generally  though not exactly  
agree with the sub regions which I have here adopted  The Pal  arctic  the 
Ethiopian  and the Oriental regions  are also generally admitted to be well 
characterised by their terrestrial molluscs  There only remain the 
Australian and the Neotropical regions  in which some want of homogeneity 
is apparent  owing to the vast development and specialisation of certain 
groups in the islands which belong to these regions  The Antilles  on the 
one hand  and the Polynesian Islands  on the other  are so rich in 
land shells and possess so many peculiar forms  that  judged by these 
alone  they must form primary instead of secondary divisions  We have  
however  already pointed out the inconvenience of any such partial systems 
of zoological geography  and the causes have been sufficiently indicated 
which have  in the case of land shells as of insects  produced certain 
special features of distribution  
 
We therefore venture to hope  that conchologists will give us the advantage 
of their more full and accurate knowledge both of the classification and 
distribution of this interesting group of animals  not to map out new sets 
of regions for themselves  but to show what kind of barriers have been most 
efficient in limiting the range of species  and how their distribution is 
actually effected  so as to be able to explain whatever discrepancies exist 
between the actual distribution of land shells and that of the higher 
animals  
 
 
 Order III   OPISTHO BRANCHIATA   
 
There are ten families in this order  all of which  as far as known  are 
widely or universally distributed  Some of them are found fossil  ranging 
back to the Carboniferous epoch  They are commonly termed Sea slugs  and 
have either a thin small shell or none  We shall therefore simply enumerate 
the families  with the number of genera and species as given by Mr  
Woodward  
 
 530 FAMILY 31   TORNATELLID     7 Genera  62 Species living  166 fossil   
 
FAMILY 32   BULLID     12 Genera  168 Species living  88 fossil   
 
FAMILY 33   APHYSIAD     8 Genera  84 Species living  4 fossil   
 
FAMILY 34   PLEUROBRANCHID     7 Genera  28 Species living  5 fossil   
 
FAMILY 35   PHYLLIDIAD     4 Genera  14 Species living  0 fossil   
 
FAMILY 36   DORID     23 Genera  160 Species living  0 fossil   
 
FAMILY 37   TRITONIAD     9 Genera  38 Species living  0 fossil   
 
FAMILY 38     OLID     14 Genera  101 Species living  0 fossil   
 
FAMILY 39   PHYLLYRHOID     1 Genus  6 Species living  0 fossil   
 
FAMILY 40   ELYSIAD     5 Genera  13 Species living  0 fossil   
 
 
 531  Order IV   NUCLEO BRANCHIATA   
 
These are oceanic  swimming molluscs  of a delicate texture  They are found 
in all warm seas  and range back to the Lower Silurian epoch  There are 
only two families  
 
FAMILY 41   FIROLID     2 Genera  33 Species living  1 fossil   
 
FAMILY 42   ATLANTID     5 Genera  22 Species living  159 fossil   
 
 
CLASS   PTEROPODA  
 
These are swimming  oceanic mollusca  inhabiting both Arctic  Temperate  
and Tropical seas  The three families have each a wide distribution in all 
the great oceans  They range back to the Silurian period  
 
FAMILY 1   HYALEID     9 Genera  52 Species living  95 fossil   
 
FAMILY 2   LIMACINID     4 Genera  19 Species living  0 fossil   
 
FAMILY 3   CLIONID     4 Genera  14 Species living  0 fossil   
 
 
 532 CLASS   BRACHIOPODA  
 
These are sedentary  bivalve  marine mollusca  having laterally symmetrical 
shells  but with unequal valves  Both in space and time they are the most 
widely distributed molluscs  They are found in all seas  and at all depths  
and when any of the families or genera have a restricted range  it seems to 
be due to our imperfect knowledge  rather than to any real geographical 
limitations  In time they range back to the Cambrian formation  and seem to 
have had their maximum development in the Silurian period  It is not  
therefore  necessary for our purpose  to do more than give the names of the 
families with the numbers of the genera and species  as before  
 
FAMILY 1   TEREBRATULID     5 Genera  67 Species living  340 fossil   
 
FAMILY 2   SPIRIFERID     4 Genera  0 Species living  380 fossil   
 
FAMILY 3   RHYNCHONELLID     3 Genera  4 Species living  422 fossil   
 
FAMILY 4   ORTHID     4 Genera  0 Species living  328 fossil   
 
FAMILY 5   PRODUCTID     3 Genera  0 Species living  146 fossil   
 
FAMILY 6   CRANIAD     1 Genus  5 Species living  37 fossil   
 
FAMILY 7   DISCINID     2 Genera  10 Species living  90 fossil   
 
FAMILY 8   LINGULID     2 Genera  16 Species living  99 fossil   
 
 
 533 CLASS   CONCHIFERA  
 
The Conchifera  or ordinary Bivalve Molluscs  may be distinguished from the 
Brachiopoda by having their shells laterally unsymmetrical  while the 
valves are generally  but not always  equal  They are mostly marine  but a 
few inhabit fresh water  As the distribution of some of the families 
presents points of interest  we shall treat them in the same manner as the 
marine Gasteropoda  
 
 
FAMILY 1   OSTREID     5 Genera  426 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The Ostreid    including the Oysters and Scallops  are found 
in all seas  Arctic as well as Tropical  There are nearly 1 400 species 
fossil  ranging back to the Carboniferous period  
 
 
FAMILY 2   AVICULID     3 Genera  94 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The Aviculid    or Wing shells and Pearl Oysters  are 
characteristic of Tropical and warm seas  a few only ranging into temperate 
regions  Nearly 700 fossil species are known from various formations 
ranging back to the Devonian  and Lower Silurian  
 
 
FAMILY 3   MYTILID     3 Genera  217 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The Mytilid    or Mussels  have a world wide distribution  
There is one fresh water species  which inhabits the Volga  There are about 
350 fossil species  ranging back to the Carboniferous epoch  
 
 
 534 FAMILY 4   ARCAD     6 Genera  360 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The Arcad   are universally distributed  and are most 
abundant in warm seas  The genus  Leda  is  however  abundant in Arctic and 
Temperate regions  and  Solenella  is confined to the South Temperate zone  
There are near 1 200 fossil species  found in all strata as low as the 
Lower Silurian  
 
 
FAMILY 5   TRIGONIAD     1 Genus  3 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The living  Trigoni    are confined to Australia  but there 
are 5 other genera fossil  containing about 150 species  and found in 
various formations from the Chalk to the Lower Silurian  
 
 
FAMILY 6   UNIONID     7 Genera  549 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The Unionid    or Fresh water Mussels  are found in all the 
fresh waters of the globe  but some of the genera are restricted  
 Castalia    Mycetopus  and  Mulleria  are confined to the rivers of South 
America   Anodon   to the Nearctic and Pal  arctic regions   Iridina   and 
 Etheria   to the rivers of Africa   Unio  has a universal distribution  
but is especially abundant in North America  About 60 fossil species are 
found in the Tertiary and Wealden formations  
 
 
FAMILY 7   CHAMID     1 Genus  50 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The Chamid    or Giant Clams  are confined to Tropical seas  
chiefly among coral reefs  There are two other genera and 62 species 
fossil  ranging from the Chalk to the Oolite formations  
 
 
FAMILY 8   HIPPURITID     5 Genera  103 Species   
 
Fossils of doubtful affinity  from the Chalk formation  
 
 
 535 FAMILY 9   TRIDACNID     1 Genus  8 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The Tridacnid    or Clam shells  are of very large size  and 
are confined to the Tropical regions of the Indian and Pacific Oceans  A 
few species have been found fossil in the Miocene formation  
 
 
FAMILY 10   CARDIAD     1 Genus  200 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The Cardiad    or Cockles  are of world wide distribution  
Another genus is fossil  and nearly 400 fossil species are known  ranging 
back to the Upper Silurian formation  
 
 
FAMILY 11   LUCINID    8 Genera  178 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The Lucinid   inhabit the Tropical and Temperate seas of all 
parts of the world  but the genus  Corbis  is confined to the Indian and 
Pacific Oceans   Montacuta  and  Lepton   to the Atlantic  There are nearly 
500 extinct species  ranging from the Tertiary back to the Silurian 
formation  
 
 
FAMILY 12   CYCLADID     3 Genera  176 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   The Cycladid   are small fresh  or brackish water shells 
found all over the globe  The genus  Cyclas  is most abundant in the North 
Temperate zone  while  Cyrena  inhabits the warmer shores of the Atlantic 
and Pacific  but is absent from the West Coast of America  There are about 
150 species fossil  ranging back from the Pliocene to the Wealden 
formations  
 
 
FAMILY 13   CYPRINID     10 Genera  176 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Universal   Cyprina  and  Astarte  are Arctic and North 
Temperate   Cardita  is Tropical and South Temperate  There are several 
extinct genera and about 1 000 species found in all formations as far back 
as the Lower Silurian  
 
 
 536 FAMILY 14   VENERID     10 Genera  600 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Universal   Lucinopsis  is confined to the North Atlantic  
 Glauconeza  to the months of rivers in the Oriental region   Meroe  and 
 Trigona  to warm seas  There are about 350 fossil species  ranging back to 
the Oolitic period  
 
 
FAMILY 15   MACTRID     5 Genera  147 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   All seas  but more abundant in the Tropics   Gnathodon  is 
found in the Gulf of Mexico   Anatinella  in the Oriental region  There are 
about 60 fossil species  ranging back to the Carboniferous period  
 
 
FAMILY 16   TELLINID     11 Genera  560 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   All seas  most abundant in the Tropics   Galatea  is 
confined to African rivers  There are about 60 fossil species  mostly 
Tertiary  but ranging back to the Carboniferous period  
 
 
FAMILY 17   SOLENID     3 Genera  63 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   All Temperate and Tropical seas  There are 80 fossil species 
which range back to the Carboniferous epoch  
 
 
FAMILY 18   MYACID     6 Genera  121 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   All seas   Panop  a  inhabits both North and South Temperate 
seas   Glycimeris   Arctic seas  There are near 350 fossil species  ranging 
back to the Lower Oolite formation  
 
 
FAMILY 19   ANATINID     8 Genera  246 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   All seas   Pholadomya  is from Tropical Africa   Myadora  
from the Western Pacific   Myochama  and  Chamostr  a  are Australian  There 
are about 400 fossil species  ranging back to the Lower Silurian formation  
 
 
 537 FAMILY 20   GASTROCH  NID     5 Genera  40 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   Temperate and warm seas   Aspergillum  ranges from the Red 
Sea to New Zealand  There are 35 fossil species  ranging back to the Lower 
Oolite  
 
 
FAMILY 21   PHOLADID    4 Genera  81 Species   
 
DISTRIBUTION   These burrowing molluscs inhabit all Temperate and warm seas 
from Norway to New Zealand  There are about 50 fossil species  ranging back 
to the epoch of the Lias  
 
 
 General Remarks on the Distribution of the Marine Mollusca   
 
The marine Mollusca are remarkable for their usually wide distribution  
About 48 of the families are cosmopolitan  ranging over both hemispheres  
and in cold as well as warm seas  About 15 are restricted to the warmer 
seas of the globe  but several of these extend from Norway to New Zealand  
a distribution which may be called universal  and only 2 or 3 are 
absolutely confined to Tropical seas  Two small families only  are confined 
to the Pacific and Indian Oceans  Marine fishes  on the other hand  have a 
much less cosmopolitan character  no less than 30 families having a limited 
distribution  while 50 are universal  Some of these 30 families are 
confined to the Northern seas  some to the Atlantic and Mediterranean  and 
a considerable number to the Indian Ocean and Western Pacific  Many of 
these families  it is true  are much smaller than those of the Mollusca  
which seem to possess very few of those small isolated families of two or 
three species only  which abound in all the Vertebrate classes  These 
differences are no doubt connected with the higher organisation of fishes  
which renders them more susceptible to changed conditions of life  and this 
is indicated by the much less antiquity of existing families of fishes  the 
greater part of which do not date back beyond the Cretaceous epoch  and 
many of them only to the Eocene  In striking contrast we have the vast 
antiquity of most of the families of  538 Mollusca  as shown in the 
following table of their range taken from Mr  Woodward s work  but 
re arranged  and somewhat modified  
 
  1   Lower Silurian         6   Trias                  11   Eocene  
  2   Upper Silurian         7   Lower Oolite           12   Miocene  
  3   Devonian               8   Upper Oolite           13   Pliocene  
  4   Carboniferous          9   Lower Cretaceous       14   Recent  
  5   Permian               10   Upper Cretaceous  
 
                                                                            
       Range of Families of                                                 
     Mollusca in Time  arranged                                             
    in their order of appearance                                            
         and disappearance        1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9 10 11 12 13 14  
                                                                            
    Productid                                                                
    Orthoceratid                                                             
    Spiriferid    Orthid                                                      
    Atlantid    Hyaleid                                                       
    Pyramidellid    Turbinid                                                  
    Ianthid    Chitonid                                                       
    Lingulid                                                                 
    Aviculid    Mytilid                                                       
    Arcad    Trigoniad                                                        
    Cyprinid    Anatinid                                                      
    Nautilid                                                                 
    Rhynchonellid    Craniad                                                  
      Discinid                                                               
    Cardiad    Lucinid                                                        
    Ammonitid                                                                
    Naticid    Calyptr  id                                                     
    Dentalid    Terebratulid                                                  
    Helicid                                                                  
    Fissurellid    Tornatellid                                                
    Pectinid    Solenid                                                       
    Cerithiad    Littorinid                                                   
      Astartid                                                               
    Belemnitid                                                               
    Teuthid    Sepiad                                                         
    Neritid    Patellid                                                       
      Bullid                                                                 
    Gastroch  nid    Pholadid                                                  
    Limn  id    Melaniad                                                       
    Chamid    Myad                                                            
    Cycladid    Venerid                                                       
      Tellinid                                                               
    Hippuritid                                                               
    Unionid                                                                  
    Strombid    Buccinid                                                      
    Conid    Volutid                                                          
    Auriculid    Cyclostomid                                                  
    Mactrid                                                                  
    Limacid                                                                  
    Argonautid                                                               
    Tridacnid                                                                
                                                                            
 
Nor is this enormous antiquity confined to family types alone  Many genera 
are equally ancient  The genus  Lingula  has  539 existed from the earliest 
Pal  ozoic times down to the present day  while  Terebratula   
 Rhynchonella    Discina    Nautilus    Natica    Pleurotomaria   
 Patella    Dentalium    Mytilus  and many other living forms  range back 
to the Pal  ozoic epoch  That groups of such immense antiquity  and having 
power to resist such vast changes of external conditions as they must have 
been subject to  should now be widely distributed  is no more than might 
reasonably be expected  It is only in the case of sub genera and species  
that we can expect the influence of recent geological or climatal changes 
to be manifest  and it must be left to special students to work out the 
details of their distribution  with reference to the general principles 
found to obtain among the more highly organised animals  
 
 
 
 
 540 CHAPTER XXIII  
 
SUMMARY OF THE DISTRIBUTION  AND LINES OF MIGRATION  OF THE SEVERAL CLASSES 
OF ANIMALS  
 
Having already given summaries of the distribution of the several orders  
and of some of the classes of land animals  we propose here to make a few 
general remarks on the special phenomena presented by the more important 
groups  and to indicate where possible  the general lines of migration by 
which they have become dispersed over wide areas  
 
 
MAMMALIA  
 
This class is very important  and its past history is much better known 
than that of most others  We shall therefore briefly summarise the results 
we have arrived at from our examination of the distribution of extinct and 
living forms of each order  
 
 Primates    This order  being pre eminently a tropical one  became 
separated into two portions  inhabiting the Eastern and Western Hemispheres 
respectively  at a very early epoch  In consequence of this separation it 
has diverged more radically than most other orders  so that the two 
American families  Cebid   and Hapalid    are widely differentiated from the 
Apes  Monkeys  and Lemurs of the Old World  The Lemurs were probably still 
more ancient  but being much lower in organisation  they became extinct in 
most of the areas where the higher forms of Primates became developed  
Remains found in the Eocene formation indicate  that the North American and 
European  541 Primates had  even at that early epoch  diverged into 
distinct series  so that we must probably look back to the secondary period 
for the ancestral form from which the entire order was developed  
 
 Chiroptera    These are also undoubtedly very ancient  The most 
generalised forms  the Vespertilionid   and Noctilionid    are the most 
widely distributed  while special types have arisen in America  and in the 
Eastern Hemisphere  Remains found in the Upper Eocene formation of Europe 
differ little from species still living in the same countries  so that we 
can form no conjecture as to the origin or migration  of the group  Their 
power of flight would  however  enable them rapidly to spread over all the 
great continents of the globe  
 
 Insectivora    This very ancient group  now probably verging towards 
extinction  appears to have originated in the Northern continent  and never 
to have reached Australia or South America  It may  however  have become 
extinct in the latter country owing to the competition of the numerous 
Edentata  The Insectivora now often maintain themselves amidst more highly 
developed forms  by means of some special protection  Some burrow in the 
earth   like the moles  others have a spiny covering   as the hedgehog s 
and several of the Centetid    others are aquatic    as the  Potamogale  and 
the desman  others have a nauseous odour   as the shrews  while there are 
several which seem to be preserved by their resemblance to higher 
forms   as the elephant shrews to jerboas  and the tupaias to squirrels  
The same need of protection is shown by the numerous Insectivora inhabiting 
Madagascar  where the competing forms are few  and by one lingering in the 
Antilles  where there are hardly any other mammalia  
 
 Carnivora    Although perhaps less ancient than the preceding  this form 
of mammal is far more highly organised  and from its earliest appearance 
appears to have become dominant in the world  It would therefore soon 
spread widely  and diverge into the various specialised types represented 
by existing families  Most of these appear to have originated in the 
Eastern Hemisphere  the only Carnivora occurring in North  542 American 
Miocene deposits being ancestral forms of Canid   and Felid    It seems 
probable  therefore  that the order had attained a considerable development 
before it reached the Western Hemisphere  The Procyonid    now confined to 
America  are not very ancient  and the occurrence of a few allied forms in 
the Himalayas     lurus  and    luropus   render it probable that their 
common ancestors entered North America from the Pal  arctic region during 
the Miocene period  but being a rather low type they have succumbed under 
the competition of higher forms in most parts of the Eastern Hemisphere  
Bears and Weasels are probably still more recent emigrants to America  The 
aquatic carnivora  Seals   c   are  as might be expected  more widely and 
uniformly distributed  but there is little evidence to show at what period 
the type was first developed  
 
 Ungulata    These are the dominant vegetable feeders of the great 
continents  and they have steadily increased in numbers and in 
specialisation from the oldest Tertiary times to the present day  Being 
generally of larger size and less active than the Carnivora  they have 
somewhat more restricted powers of dispersal  We have good evidence that 
their wide range over the globe is a comparatively recent phenomenon  
Tapirs and Llamas have probably not long inhabited South America  while 
Rhinoceroses and Antelopes were once  perhaps  unknown in Africa  although 
abounding in Europe and Asia  Swine are one of the most ancient types in 
both hemispheres  and their great hardiness  their omnivorous diet  and 
their powers of swimming  have led to their wide distribution  The sheep 
and goats  on the other hand  are perhaps the most recent development of 
the Ungulata  and they seem to have arisen in the Pal  arctic region at a 
time when its climate already approximated to that which now prevails  
Hence they are pre eminently a Temperate group  never found within the 
Tropics except upon a few mountain ranges  
 
 Proboscidea    These huge animals  the Elephants and Mastodons  appear to 
have originated in the warmer parts of the Pal  arctic region  but they soon 
spread over all the great  543 continents  even reaching the southern 
extremity of America  Their extinction has probably depended more on 
physical than on organic changes  and we can clearly trace their almost 
total disappearance to the effects of the Glacial epoch  
 
 Rodentia    Rodents are a very dominant group  and a very ancient one  
Owing to their small size and rapid powers of increase  they soon spread 
over almost every part of the globe  whence has resulted a great 
specialisation of family types in the South American continent which 
remained so long isolated  They are capable of living wherever there is any 
kind of vegetable food  hence their range will be determined rather by 
organic than by physical conditions  and the occupation of a country by 
enemies or by competing forms  is probably the chief cause which has 
prevented many of the families from acquiring a wide range  The occurrence 
of isolated species of the South American families  Octodontid   and 
Echimyid   in the Ethiopian and Pal  arctic regions  is an indication that 
the range of many of the families has recently become less extensive  
 
 Edentata    These singular and lowly organised animals appear to have 
become almost restricted to the two great Southern lands  South Africa and 
South America  at an early period  and  being there free from the 
competition of higher forms  developed a number of remarkable types often 
of huge size  of which the Megatherium is one of the best known  The 
incursion of the highly organised Ungulates and Carnivora into Africa 
during the Miocene epoch  probably exterminated most of them in that 
continent  but in America they continued in full force down to the 
Post Pliocene period  and even now  the comparatively diminutive Sloths  
Ant eaters  and Armadillos  form a large and important portion of the 
fauna  
 
 Marsupialia and Monotremata    These are probably the representatives of 
the most ancient and lowly organised types of mammal  They once existed in 
the northern continents  whence they spread into Australia  and being 
isolated  and preserved from the competition of the higher forms which soon 
arose in other parts of the world  they have developed into a variety of 
types  which  however  still preserve a general  544 uniformity of 
organisation  One family  which continued to exist in Europe till the 
latter part of the Miocene period  reached America  and has there been 
preserved to our day  
 
 Lines of Migration of the Mammalia    The whole series of phenomena 
presented by the distribution of the Mammalia  looked at broadly  are in 
harmony with the view that the great continents and oceans of our own epoch 
have been in existence  with comparatively small changes  during all 
Tertiary times  Each one of them has  no doubt  undergone considerable 
modifications in its area  its altitude  and in its connection with other 
lands  Yet some considerable portion of each continent has  probably  long 
existed in its present position  while the great oceans seem to have 
occupied the same depressions of the earth s crust  varied  perhaps  by 
local elevations and subsidences  during all this vast period of time  
Hence  allowing for the changes of which we have more or less satisfactory 
evidence  the migrations of the chief mammalian types can be pretty clearly 
traced  Some  owing to their small size and great vitality  have spread to 
almost all the chief land masses  but the majority of the orders have a 
more restricted range  All the evidence at our command points to the 
Northern Hemisphere as the birth place of the class  and probably of all 
the orders  At a very early period the land communication with Australia 
was cut off  and has never been renewed  so that we have here preserved for 
us a sample of one or more of the most ancient forms of mammal  Somewhat 
later the union with South America and South Africa was severed  and in 
both these countries we have samples of a somewhat more advanced stage of 
mammalian development  Later still  the union by a northern route between 
the Eastern and Western Hemispheres appears to have been broken  partly by 
a physical separation  but almost as effectually by a lowering of 
temperature  About the same period the separation of the Pal  arctic region 
from the Oriental was effected  by the rise of the Himalayas and the 
increasing contrast of climate  while the formation of the great 
desert belts of the Sahara  Arabia  Persia  and Central Asia  helped to 
complete the separation of  545 the Temperate and Tropical zones  and to 
render further intermigration almost impossible  
 
In a few cases  of which the Rodents in Australia and the pigs in 
Austro Malaya are perhaps the most striking examples  the distribution of 
land mammals has been effected by a sea passage either by swimming or on 
floating vegetation  but  as a rule  we may be sure that the migrations of 
mammalia have taken place over the land  and their presence on islands is  
therefore  a clear indication that these have been once connected with a 
continent  The present class of animals thus affords the best evidence of 
the past history of the land surface of our globe  and we have chiefly 
relied upon it in sketching out  in Part III   the probable changes which 
each of our great regions has undergone  
 
 
 Birds   
 
Although birds are  of all land vertebrates  the best able to cross seas 
and oceans  it is remarkable how closely the main features of their 
distribution correspond with those of the Mammalia  South America possesses 
the low Formicaroid type of Passeres   which  compared with the more highly 
developed forms of the Eastern Hemisphere  is analogous to the Cebid   and 
Hapalid   as compared with the Old World Apes and Monkeys  while its Cracid   
as compared with the Pheasants and Grouse  may be considered parallel to 
the Edentata as compared with the Ungulates of the Old World  The 
Marsupials of America and Australia  are paralleled among birds  in the 
Struthionid   and Megapodiid    the Lemurs and Insectivora preserved in 
Madagascar are represented by the Mascarene Didid    the absence of Deer and 
Bears from Africa is analogous to the absence of Wrens  Creepers  and 
Pheasants  while the African Hyracid   and Chrysochlorid   among mammals  may 
well be compared with the equally peculiar Coliid   and Musophagid   among 
birds  
 
From these and many other similarities of distribution  it is clear that 
birds have  as a rule  followed the same great lines of migration as 
mammalia  and that oceans  seas  and deserts  have  546 always to a great 
extent limited their range  Yet these barriers have not been absolute  and 
in the course of ages birds have been able to reach almost every habitable 
land upon the globe  Hence have arisen some of the most curious and 
interesting phenomena of distribution  and many islands  which are entirely 
destitute of mammalia  or possess a very few species  abound in birds  
often of peculiar types and remarkable for some unusual character or habit  
Striking examples of such interesting bird faunas are those of New Zealand  
the Sandwich Islands  the Galapagos  the Mascarene Islands  the Moluccas  
and the Antilles  while even small and remote islets   such as Juan 
Fernandez and Norfolk Island  have more light thrown upon their past 
history by means of their birds  than by any other portion of their scanty 
fauna  
 
Another peculiar feature in the distribution of this class is the 
extraordinary manner in which certain groups and certain external 
characteristics  have become developed in islands  where the smaller and 
less powerful birds have been protected from the incursions of mammalian 
enemies  and where rapacious birds  which seem to some degree dependent on 
the abundance of mammalia  are also scarce  Thus  we have the Pigeons and 
the Parrots most wonderfully developed in the Australian region  which is 
pre eminently insular  and both these groups here acquire conspicuous 
colours very unusual  or altogether absent  elsewhere  Similar colours 
 black and red  appear  in the same two groups  in the distant Mascarene 
islands  while in the Antilles the parrots have often white heads  a 
character not found in the allied species on the South American continent  
Crests  too  are largely developed  in both these groups  in the Australian 
region only  and a crested parrot formerly lived in Mauritius   a 
coincidence too much like that of the colours as above noted  to be 
considered accidental  
 
Again  birds exhibit to us a remarkable contrast as regards the oceanic 
islands of tropical and temperate latitudes  for while most of the former 
present hardly any cases of specific identity with the birds of adjacent 
continents  the latter often show hardly any differences  The Galapagos and 
Madagascar  547 are examples of the first named peculiarity  the Azores and 
the Bermudas of the last  and the difference can be clearly traced to the 
frequency and violence of storms in the one case and to the calms or steady 
breezes in the other  
 
It appears then  that although birds do not afford us the same convincing 
proof of the former union of now disjoined lands as we obtain from mammals  
yet they give us much curious and suggestive information as to the various 
and complex modes in which the existing peculiarities of the distribution 
of animals have been brought about  They also throw much light on the 
relation between distribution and the external characters of animals  and  
as they are often found where mammalia are quite absent  we must rank them 
as of equal value for the purposes of our present study  
 
 
 Reptiles   
 
These hold a somewhat intermediate place  as regards their distribution  
between mammals and birds  having on the whole rather a wider range than 
the former  and a more restricted one than the latter  
 
Snakes appear to have hardly more facilities for crossing the ocean than 
mammals  hence they are generally absent from oceanic islands  They are 
more especially a tropical group  and have thus never been able to pass 
from one continent to another by those high northern and southern routes  
which we have seen reason to believe were very effectual in the case of 
mammalia and some other animals  Hence we find no resemblance between the 
Australian and Neotropical regions  or between the Pal  arctic and Nearctic  
while the Western Hemisphere is comparatively poor as regards variety of 
types  although rich in genera and species  Deserts and high mountains are 
also very effectual barriers for this group  and their lines of migration 
have probably been along river valleys  and occasionally across narrow seas 
by means of floating vegetation  
 
Lizards  being somewhat less tropical than snakes  may have passed by the 
northern route during warm epochs  They are also more suited to traverse 
deserts  and they possess some unknown  548 means of crossing the ocean  as 
they are not unfrequently found in remote oceanic islands  These various 
causes have modified their distribution  The Western Hemisphere is much 
richer in lizards than it is in snakes  and it is also very distinct from 
the Eastern Hemisphere  The lines of migration of lizards appear to have 
been along the mountains and deserts of tropical countries  and  under 
special conditions  across tropical seas from island to island  
 
Crocodiles are a declining group  They were once more generally 
distributed  all the three families being found in British Eocene deposits  
Being aquatic and capable of living in the sea  they can readily pass along 
all the coasts and islands of the warmer parts of the globe  Tortoises are 
equally ancient  and the restriction of certain groups to definite areas 
seems to be also a recent phenomenon  
 
 
 Amphibia   
 
The Amphibia differ widely from Reptiles in their power of enduring cold  
one of their chief divisions  the Urodela or Tailed Batrachia  being 
confined to the temperate parts of the Northern Hemisphere  To this class 
of animals the northern and southern routes of migration were open  and we 
accordingly find a considerable amount of resemblance between South America 
and Australia  and a still stronger affinity between North America and the 
Pal  arctic continent  The other tropical regions are more distinct from 
each other  clearly indicating that  in this group  it is tropical deserts 
and tropical oceans which are the barriers to migration  The class however 
is very fragmentary  and probably very ancient  so that descendants of once 
widespread types are now found isolated in various parts of the globe  
between which we may feel sure there has been no direct transmission of 
Batrachia  Remembering that their chief lines of migration have been by 
northern and southern land routes  by floating ice  by fresh water 
channels  and perhaps at rare intervals by ova being carried by aquatic 
birds or by violent storms   we shall be able to comprehend most of the 
features of their actual distribution  
 
 
 549  Fresh water Fishes   
 
Although it would appear  at first sight  that the means of dispersal of 
these animals are very limited  yet they share to some extent the wide 
range of other fresh water organisms  They are found in all climates  but 
the tropical regions are by far the most productive  and of these South 
America is perhaps the richest and most peculiar  There is a certain amount 
of identity between the two northern continents  and also between those of 
the South Temperate zone  yet all are radically distinct  even North 
America and Europe having but a small proportion of their forms in common  
The occurrence of allied fresh water species in remote lands  as the 
 Aphritis  of Tasmania and Patagonia  and the  Comephorus  of Lake Baikal  
distantly allied to the mackerels of Northern seas  would imply that marine 
fishes are often modified for a life in fresh waters  while other facts no 
less plainly show that permanent fresh water species are sometimes 
dispersed in various ways across the oceans  more especially by the 
northern and southern routes  
 
The families of fresh water fishes are often of restricted range  although 
cases of very wide and scattered distribution also occur  The great 
zoological regions are  on the whole  very well characterized  showing that 
the same barriers are effectual here  as with most other vertebrates  We 
conclude  therefore  that the chief lines of migration of fresh water 
fishes have been across the Arctic and Antarctic seas  probably by means of 
floating ice as well as by the help of the vast flocks of migratory aquatic 
birds that frequent those regions  On continents they are  usually  widely 
dispersed  but tropical seas  even when of small extent  appear to have 
offered an effectual barrier to their dispersal  The cases of affinity 
between Tropical America  Africa  Asia  and Australia  must therefore be 
imputed either to the survival of once widespread groups  or to analogous 
adaptation to a fresh water life of wide spread marine types  and these 
cases cannot be taken as evidence of any former land connection between 
such remote continents  
 
 
 550  Insects   
 
It has already been shown  Vol  I  pp  209 213 and Vol  II  pp  44 48  that 
the peculiarities of distribution of the various groups of insects depend 
very much on their habits and general economy  Their antiquity is so vast  
and their more important modifications of structure have probably occurred 
so slowly  that modes of dispersal depending on such a combination of 
favourable conditions as to be of excessive rarity  may yet have had time 
to produce large cumulative effects  Their small specific gravity and their 
habits of flight render them liable to dispersal by winds to an extent 
unknown in other classes of animals  and thus  what are usually very 
effectual barriers have been overstepped  and sometimes almost obliterated  
in the case of insects  A careful examination will  however  almost always 
show traces of an ancient fauna  agreeing in character with other classes 
of animals  intermixed with the more prominent and often more numerous 
forms whose presence is due to this unusual facility of dispersal  
 
The effectual migration of insects is  perhaps more than in any other class 
of animals  limited by organic and physical conditions  The vegetation  the 
soil  the temperature  and the supply of moisture  must all be suited to 
their habits and economy  while they require an immunity from enemies of 
various kinds  which immigrants to a new country seldom obtain  Few 
organisms have  in so many complex ways  become adapted to their special 
environment  as have insects  They are in each country more or less adapted 
to the plants which belong to it  while their colours  their habits  and 
the very nature of the juices of their system  are all modified so as to 
protect them from the special dangers which surround them in their native 
land  It follows  that while no animals are so well adapted to show us the 
various modes by which dispersal may be effected  none can so effectually 
teach us the true nature and vast influence of the organic barrier in 
limiting dispersal  
 
It is probable that insects have at one time or another taken advantage of 
every line of migration by which any terrestrial  551 organisms have spread 
over the earth  but owing to their small size and rapid multiplication  
they have made use of some which are exclusively their own  Such are the 
passage along mountain ranges from the Arctic to the Antarctic regions  and 
the dispersal of certain types over all temperate lands  It will perhaps be 
found that insects have spread over the land surface in directions 
dependent on our surface zones  forests  pastures  and deserts   and a 
study of these  with a due consideration of the fact that narrow seas are 
scarcely a barrier to most of the groups  may assist us to understand many 
of the details of insect distribution  
 
 
 Terrestrial Mollusca   
 
The distribution of land shells agrees  in some features  with that of 
insects  while in others the two are strongly contrasted  In both we see 
the effects of great antiquity  with some special means of dispersal  but 
while in insects the general powers of motion  both voluntary and 
involuntary  are at a maximum  in land molluscs they are almost at a 
minimum  Although to some extent dependent on vegetation and climate  the 
latter are more dependent on inorganic conditions  and also to a large 
extent on the general organic environment  The result of these various 
causes  acting through countless ages  has been to spread the main types of 
structure with considerable uniformity over the globe  while generic and 
sub generic forms are often wonderfully localized  
 
Land shells  even more than insects  seem  at first sight  to require 
regions of their own  but we have already pointed out the disadvantages of 
such a method of study  It will be far more instructive to refer them to 
those regions and sub regions which are found to accord best with the 
distribution of the higher animals  and to consider the various anomalies 
they present as so many problems  to be solved by a careful study of their 
habits and economy  and especially by a search after the hidden causes 
which have enabled them to spread so widely over land and ocean  
 
The lines of migration which land shells have followed  can  552 hardly be 
determined with any definiteness  On continents they seem to spread 
steadily  but slowly  in every direction  checked probably by organic and 
physical conditions rather than by the barriers which limit the higher 
groups  Over the ocean they are also slowly dispersed  by some means which 
act perhaps at very long intervals  but which  within the period of the 
duration of genera and families  are tolerably effective  It thus happens 
that  although the powers of dispersal of land shells and insects are so 
very unequal  the resulting geographical distribution is almost the 
opposite of what might have been expected   the former being  on the whole  
less distinctly localized than the latter  
 
 
CONCLUSION  
 
The preceding remarks are all I now venture to offer  on the distinguishing 
features of the various groups of land animals as regards their 
distribution and migrations  They are at best but indications of the 
various lines of research opened up to us by the study of animals from the 
geographical point of view  and by looking upon their range in space and 
time as an important portion of the earth s history  Much work has yet to 
be done before the materials will exist for a complete treatment of the 
subject in all its branches  and it is the author s hope that his volumes 
may lead to a more systematic collection and arrangement of the necessary 
facts  At present all public museums and private collections are arranged 
zoologically  All treatises  monographs  and catalogues  also follow  more 
or less completely  the zoological arrangement  and the greatest difficulty 
the student of geographical distribution has to contend against  is the 
total absence of geographical collections  and the almost total want of 
complete and comparable local catalogues  Till every well marked 
district   every archipelago  and every important island  has all its known 
species of the more important groups of animals catalogued on a uniform 
plan  and with a uniform nomenclature  a thoroughly satisfactory account of 
the Geographical Distribution of Animals will not be possible  But more 
than this is wanted  Many of the most curious relations between animal 
 553 forms and their habitats  are entirely unnoticed  owing to the 
productions of the same locality  never  being associated in our museums 
and collections  A few such relations have been brought to light by modern 
scientific travellers  but many more remain to be discovered  and there is 
probably no fresher and more productive field still unexplored in Natural 
History  Most of these curious and suggestive relations are to be found in 
the productions of islands  as compared with each other  or with the 
continents of which they form appendages  but these can never be properly 
studied  or even discovered  unless they are visibly grouped together  When 
the birds  the more conspicuous families of insects  and the land shells of 
islands  are kept together so as to be readily compared with similar 
associations from the adjacent continents or other islands  it is believed 
that in almost every case there will be found to be peculiarities of form 
or colour running through widely different groups  and strictly indicative 
of local or geographical influences  Some of these coincident variations 
have been alluded to in various parts of this work  but they have never 
been systematically investigated  They constitute an unworked mine of 
wealth for the enterprising explorer  and they may not improbably lead to 
the discovery of some of the hidden laws  supplementary to Natural 
Selection   which seem to be required  in order to account for many of the 
external characteristics of animals  
 
In concluding his task  the author ventures to suggest  that naturalists 
who are disposed to turn aside from the beaten track of research  may find 
in the line of study here suggested a new and interesting pursuit  not 
inferior in attractions to the lofty heights of transcendental anatomy  or 
the bewildering mazes of modern classification  And it is a study which 
will surely lead them to an increased appreciation of the beauty and the 
harmony of nature  and to a fuller comprehension of the complex relations 
and mutual interdependence  which link together every animal and vegetable 
form  with the ever changing earth which supports them  into one grand 
organic whole  
 
 
 557 GENERAL INDEX  
 
 
All names in Italics refer  either to the genera and other groups of 
Extinct Animals in Part II  of the First Volume   or to the genera whose 
distribution is given under Geographical Zoology  Part IV   in the Second 
Volume  the Families and higher groups being in small capitals  All other 
references are in ordinary type  
 
The various matters discussed under Zoological Geography  Part III    are 
indexed as much as possible by subjects and localities  None of the genera 
mentioned in this Part are indexed  as this would have more than doubled 
the extent of the Index  and would have served no useful purpose  because 
the general distribution of each genus is given in Part IV   and the 
separate details can always be found by referring to the region  
sub region  and class  
 
 
  A  
 
  Aard vark of East Africa  figure of  i  261 
 
  Aard vark  ii  246 
 
  Aard wolf  ii  196 
 
   Abacetus   ii  491 
 
   Abax   ii  489 
 
   Abisara   ii  475 
 
   Ablabes   ii  375 
 
   Ablepharus   ii  395 
 
   Abramis   ii  453 
 
   Abronia   ii  392 
 
   Abrornis   ii  258 
 
   Abrostomus   ii  451 
 
   Aburria   ii  343 
 
   Acalyptus   ii  384 
 
   Acanthias   ii  401 
 
   Acanthicus   ii  444 
 
   Acanthion   ii  240 
 
   Acanthis   ii  283 
 
   Acanthisitta   ii  265 
 
   Acanthiza   ii  258 
 
   Acanthobrama   ii  453 
 
  ACANTHOCLINID    ii  432 
 
   Acanthodactylus   ii  391 
 
   Acanthodelphis   ii  209 
 
   Acantholabrus   ii  437 
 
   Acanthomys   ii  229 
 
   Acanthophis   ii  383 
 
   Acanthopsis   ii  453 
 
  ACANTHOPTERYGII  ii  424 
 
  ACANTHOPTERYGII PHARYNCOGNATHI  ii  437 
 
   Acanthopthalmus   ii  453 
 
   Acanthoptila   ii  261 
 
   Acanthopyga   ii  390 
 
   Acanthorhynchus   ii  275 
 
   Acanthosaura   ii  402 
 
   Acara   ii  438 
 
  Accentor  ii  260 
 
  Accentorin    ii  257 
 
   Accipenser   ii  459 
 
  ACCIPENSERID    ii  459 
 
   Accipiter   ii  348 
 
   Accipitres   European Eocene  i  163 
 
  Accipitres  classification of  i  97 
    range of Pal  arctic genera of  i  248 
    range of Ethiopian genera of  i  312 
    range of Oriental genera of  i  385 
    range of Australian genera of  i  484 
 
  ACCIPITRES  ii  345 
    general remarks on the distribution of  ii  351 
 
  ACCIPITRIN    ii  347 
 
   Acerina   ii  425 
 
   Aceros   ii  317 
 
   Acerotherium   ii  214 
 
   Acerotherium   European Miocene  i  119 
    N  American Tertiary  i  136 
 
   Acestra   ii  444 
 
   Acestura   ii  108 
 
   Achalinus   ii  375 
 
   Acharnes   ii  434 
 
   Achatina   ii  515 
 
   Achatinella   ii  514 
 
   Acherontia   ii  483 
 
   Achilognathus   ii  452 
 
   Ach  nodon   N  American Tertiary  i  138 
 
   Acicula   ii  519 
 
  ACICULID    ii  519 
 
   Acm  odera   ii  497 
 
   Acodon   ii  230 
 
  ACONTIAD    ii  399 
 
   Acontias   ii  399 
 
   Acotherium   European Eocene  i  126 
 
   Acotherium   ii  215 
 
   Acr  a   ii  473 
 
  ACR  ID    ii  473 
 
   Acrantus   ii  390 
 
   Acredula   ii  266 
 
   Acridotheres   ii  287 
 
   Acris   ii  419 
 
   Acrobata   ii  252 
 
   Acrocephalus   ii  258 
 
   Acrochilus   ii  452 
 
  ACROCHORDID    ii  382 
 
   Acrochordonichthys   ii  442 
 
   Acrochordus   ii  382 
 
  ACRONURID    ii  433 
 
   Acropternis   ii  297 
 
   Acryllium   ii  340 
 
   Actenodes   ii  497 
 
   Actinodura   ii  261 
 
   Ada   ii  390 
 
   Adamsiella   ii  521 
 
   Adapis   European Eocene  i  125 
 
   Addax   ii  223 
 
   Adelomia   ii  108 
 
   Adelotopus   ii  490 
 
   Adenomera   ii  416 
 
   Adolias   ii  474 
 
   Aedon   ii  259 
 
     geria   ii  482 
 
    GERIID    ii  482 
 
     gialitis   ii  356 
 
     githaliscus   ii  266 
 
     githalus   ii  266 
 
     gocera   ii  482 
 
     gotheles   ii  318 
 
     luredus   ii  275 
 
     lurichthys   ii  443 
 
    LURID    ii  201 
 
     lurogale   European Eocene  i  125 
 
     luropus   ii  201 
 
     lurus   ii  201 
 
     mona   ii  472 
 
     nigma   ii  490 
 
     olid     ii  530 
 
     pyceros   ii  223 
 
     pyornis   of Madagascar  i  164 
 
     pyornis   ii  370 
 
    PYORNITHID    ii  370 
 
     sacus   ii  355 
 
     shna   from the Lias  i  167 
 
     thopyga   ii  276 
 
     thya   ii  364 
 
   Agama   ii  402 
 
  AGAMID    ii  401 
 
   Agapornis   ii  328 
 
   Agarista   ii  482 
 
   Agaristid     ii  482 
 
   Agelasta   ii  501 
 
  AGELASTIN    ii  340 
 
   Agel  us   ii  282 
 
   Ageniosus   ii  443 
 
   Ageronia   ii  474 
 
   Agl  actis   ii  108 
 
   Agnopterus   European Eocene  i  163 
 
   Agoniates   ii  445 
 
   Agonostoma   ii  435 
 
   Agonus   ii  428 
 
  Agouti  ii  241 
 
   Agra   ii  490 
 
   Agraulis   ii  474 
 
   Agrilus   ii  497 
 
   Agriochoerus   N  American Tertiary  i  138 
 
   Agrion   from the Lias  i  167 
 
   Agriornis   ii  100 
 
   Ah  tulla   ii  379 
 
   Ailia   ii  442 
 
   Aipysurus   ii  384 
 
   Aithurus   ii  107 
 
   Aix   ii  363 
 
   Akysis   ii  442 
 
   Al  mon   ii  289 
 
  Alaska  birds of  ii  136 
 
   Alauda   ii  289 
 
  ALAUDID    ii  289 
 
  Albatrosses  ii  365 
 
   Albulichthys   ii  452 
 
   Alburnus   ii  453 
 
   Alca   ii  367 
 
   Alcadia   ii  522 
 
  ALCEDINID    ii  315 
 
   Alcedo   ii  316 
 
  ALCEPHALIN    ii  224 
 
   Alcephalus   Indian Miocene  i  122 
 
   Alcephalus   ii  224 
 
   Alces   ii  219 
 
  ALCID    ii  367 
 
   Alcippe   ii  261 
 
   Alcurus   ii  267 
 
   Alcyone   ii  316 
 
  Aldabra Islands  land tortoises of  i  289 
 
   Alectorurus   ii  100 
 
   Alectroenas   ii  332 
 
  ALEPOCEPHALID    ii  454 
 
   Alesa   ii  475 
 
   Alestes   ii  445 
 
   Alethe   ii  262 
 
   Aletornis   N  American Eocene  i  163 
 
  Aleutian Islands  birds of  ii  137 
 
  Algeria  Post Pliocene deposits and caves of  i  111 
 
   Algira   ii  391 
 
  Alleghany sub region  ii  130 
    mammalia of  ii  132 
    birds of  ii  132 
    reptiles of  ii  133 
    amphibia of  ii  134 
    fishes of  ii  134 
    islands of  ii  134 
 
  Allen  Mr  J  A   on Zoological regions  i  61 
    objections to his system of circumpolar zones  i  67 
    objections to his zoo geographical nomenclature  i  68 
    on birds of N  America  ii  133  136 
 
   Alligator   ii  406 
 
  ALLIGATORID    ii  406 
 
  Alligators  ii  406 
 
   Allotinus   ii  477 
 
   Alopecias   ii  460 
 
   Als  comus   ii  332 
 
   Alsecus   ii  259 
 
   Alseonax   ii  270 
 
   Alsodes   ii  417 
 
  Altai mountains  fossils in caves  i  111 
 
   Alytes   ii  417 
 
  ALYTID    ii  417 
 
   Amadina   ii  287 
 
   Amara   ii  489 
 
   Amarynthis   ii  476 
 
   Amathusia   ii  472 
 
   Amauresthes   ii  287 
 
   Amaurospiza   ii  285 
 
   Amazilia   ii  109 
 
   Amblyrhiza   Pliocene of Antilles  i  148 
 
  AMBLYCEPHALID    ii  380 
 
   Amblycephalus   ii  380 
 
   Amblyceps   ii  443 
 
   Amblychila   ii  487 
 
   Amblymora   ii  501 
 
   Amblyopsis   ii  450 
 
   Amblyornis   ii  275 
 
   Amblypharyngodon   ii  452 
 
   Amblypodia   ii  477 
 
   Amblyrhamphus   ii  282 
 
   Amblyrhiza   ii  237 
 
   Amblyrhynchichthys   ii  452 
 
   Amblystoma   ii  413 
 
   Ameiva   ii  390 
 
  America  recent separation of North and South  i  40 
    extinct mammalia of  i  129 
    N   Post Pliocene fauna of  i  129 
 
  American Creepers  ii  295 
 
  AMIID    ii  458 
 
   Amiurus   ii  442 
 
   Ammodromus   ii  284 
 
   Ammodytes   ii  440 
 
   Ammomanes   ii  289 
 
  AMMONITID    ii  506 
 
   Amomys   N  American Tertiary  i  134 
 
   Ampeliceps   ii  287 
 
  AMPELID    ii  280 
 
   Ampelio   ii  102 
 
   Ampelis   ii  280 
 
   Amphechinus   European Miocene  i  117 
    ii  188 
 
  Amphibia  means of dispersal of  i  28 
    classification of  i  100 
    peculiar to Pal  arctic region  i  186 
    of Central Europe  i  196 
    of the Mediterranean sub region  i  205 
    of the Siberian sub region  i  220 
    of the Manchurian sub region  i  226 
    table of Pal  arctic families of  i  237 
    of the Ethiopian region  i  255 
    of West Africa  i  264 
    S  African  i  268 
    of Madagascar  i  280 
    table of Ethiopian families of  i  298 
    of the Oriental region  i  317 
    of the Indian sub region  i  326 
    of Ceylon  i  327 
    of the Indo Chinese sub region  i  331 
    of the Indo Malay sub region  i  340 
    table of Oriental families of  i  369 
    of the Australian region  i  397 
    resemblances of Australian and South American  i  400 
    of New Guinea  i  416 
    of New Zealand  i  457 
    Neotropical  ii  11 
    of South Temperate America  ii  41 
    of the Mexican sub region  ii  54 
    of the Antilles  ii  72 
    table of Neotropical families of  ii  89 
    of the Nearctic region  ii  120 
    of California  ii  128 
    of Central North America  ii  131 
    of Eastern United States  ii  134 
    table of Nearctic families of  ii  143 
 
  AMPHIBIA  ii  411 
    general remarks on the distribution of  ii  422 
    fossil  ii  423 
    summary and conclusion  ii  548 
    lines of migration of  ii  548 
 
   Amphibola   ii  510 
 
   Amphibos   Indian Miocene  i  122 
    ii  225 
 
   Amphicyon   European Miocene  i  118 
    Indian Miocene  i  121 
    N  American Tertiary  i  134 
    ii  198 
    ii  202 
 
   Amphiglossus   ii 398 
 
   Amphimericid     European Miocene  i  119 
 
   Amphimoschus   European Miocene  i  120 
    ii  220 
 
   Amphioxus   ii  464 
 
   Amphipnous   ii  455 
 
   Amphisb  na   ii  389 
 
  AMPHISB  NID    ii  388 
 
   Amphisorex   European Miocene  i  118 
    ii  191 
 
   Amphitragulus   European Miocene  i  120 
    ii  218 
 
   Amphiuma   ii  412 
 
  AMPHIUMID    ii  412 
 
   Amphixestus   ii  397 
 
   Ampullaria   ii  510 
 
   Amydrus   ii  288 
 
   Amytis   ii  258 
 
   Anabatoides   ii  103 
 
   Anabazenops   ii  103 
 
   Anableps   ii  450 
 
  ANACANTHINI  ii  439 
 
   Anacyrtus   ii  445 
 
   Anadenus   ii  517 
 
   Anadia   ii  393 
 
  ANADIAD    ii  393 
 
   An  retes   ii  101  291 
 
   Anaides   ii  413 
 
   Analcipus   ii  268 
 
   Anarhynchus   ii  356 
 
   Anarrhichas   ii  431 
 
   Anas   ii  363 
 
   Anastoma   European Tertiary  i  169 
    ii  527 
 
   Anastomus   ii  361 
 
  ANATID    ii  363 
 
  ANATINID    ii  536 
 
   Anatinella   ii  536 
 
   Anausorex   ii  191 
 
   Anchilophus   European Eocene  i  125 
 
   Anchippodus   N  American Eocene  i  139 
 
   Anchippus   N  American Tertiary  i  135 
 
   Anchitherid     N  American Tertiary  i  135 
    ii  212 
 
   Anchitherium   European Miocene  i  119 
    European Eocene  i  125 
    N  American Tertiary  i  135 
 
  Ancient fauna of New Zealand  i  459 
 
   Ancistrops   ii  103 
 
   Ancylotherium   Miocene of Greece  i  116 
    European Miocene  i  121 
 
   Ancylotherium   ii  246 
 
   Ancyluris   ii  476 
 
   Ancylus   ii  518 
 
  Andaman Islands  zoology of  i  333 
    probable past history of  i  334 
 
   Andigena   ii  307 
 
   Andrias   European Miocene  i  165 
 
   Androdon   ii  107 
 
   Andropadus   ii  267 
 
   Aneitea   ii  517 
 
   Anguilla   ii  456 
 
   Anguis   ii  397 
 
  Angwantibo  ii  176 
 
  Animal kingdom  primary divisions of  i  85 
 
  Animals  development of  affecting distribution  i  7 
    dispersal and migration of  i  10 
    rapid multiplication of  i  10 
 
   Anisacodon   N  American Tertiary  i  137 
 
  Anoa of Celebes  peculiarities of  i  428 
 
   Anoa   ii  222 
 
   Anodon   ii  534 
 
   Anolius   ii  400 
 
   Anomalurus   ii  235 
 
   Anomalpus   ii  397 
 
   Anoplodipsas   ii  381 
 
   Anoplotheriid     European Miocene  i  119 
 
   Anoplotherium   European Miocene  i  119 
    European Eocene  i  126 
    S  American Eocene  i  1 
 
   Anopthalmus   ii  489 
 
   Anostomus   ii  445 
 
   Anous   ii  365 
 
   Anser   ii  363 
 
   Anseranas   ii  363 
 
  Anseres  arrangement of  i  98 
    peculiar Pal  arctic genera of  i  250 
    peculiar Ethiopian genera of  i  313 
    peculiar Australian genera of  i  485 
 
  ANSERES  general remarks on the distribution of  ii  367 
 
   Antarctia   ii  490 
    ii  492 
 
  Ant eaters  ii  247 
 
   Antechinomys   ii  249 
 
   Antechinus   ii  249 
 
  Antelopes in the Indian Miocene deposits  i  122 
    birthplace and migrations of  i  155 
    Pal  arctic  i  182 
    ii  221 
 
   Antelotherium   Indian Miocene  i  122 
 
   Antennarius   ii  431 
 
   Anteros   ii  476 
 
   Anthia   ii  491 
 
   Anthipes   ii  270 
 
   Anthocharis   ii  478 
 
   Anthoch  ra   ii  275 
 
   Anthornis   ii  275 
 
   Anthracotherid     N  American Tertiary  i  137 
 
   Anthracotherium   European Miocene  i  119 
    ii  215 
 
   Anthreptes   ii  276 
 
  Anthropoid apes  ii  170 
 
   Anthropoides   ii  357 
 
   Anthus   ii  290 
 
   Antiacodon   N  American Tertiary  i  133 
 
  Antillean sub region  ii  61 
    mammalia of  ii  62 
    birds of  ii  64 
    illustration of zoology of  ii  67 
    table of distribution of resident land birds of  ii  68 
    reptiles and amphibia of  ii  72 
    fresh water fish of  ii  73 
    insects of  ii  73 
    land shells of  ii  75 
    past history of  ii  78 
 
  Antilles  Pliocene Mammalia of  i  148 
    land shells of  ii  526 
 
   Antilocapra   ii  223 
 
  ANTILOCAPRIN    ii  223 
 
   Antilope   Post Pliocene  i  112 
    in Brazilian caves  i  144 
    ii  223 
    ii  226 
 
  Antiquity of the genera of insects  i  166 
    of the genera of land and fresh water shells  i  168 
 
   Antrostomus   ii  319 
 
  Ant thrushes  ii  297 
 
   Anumbius   ii  103 
 
  ANURA  ii  414 
 
   Anurosorex   ii  190 
 
   Aonyx   ii  199 
 
   Apalis   ii  258 
 
   Apaloderma   ii  314 
 
   Apatura   ii  474 
 
   Aphanapteryx  of Mauritius  i  164 
    ii  352 
 
   Aphantocera   ii  107 
 
   Aphelotherium   European Eocene  i  125 
 
   Aphneus   ii  477 
 
   Aphobus   ii  283 
 
  APHREDODERID    ii  425 
 
   Aphritis   ii  428 
    ii  549 
 
   Aphriza   ii  356 
 
   Aphysiad     ii  530 
 
   Aphyocypris   ii  452 
 
   Aplocerus   ii  224 
 
   Aplodontia   ii  236 
 
   Aplonis   ii  288 
 
   Aplopelia   ii  383 
 
   Apodemia   ii  476 
 
   Apogon   ii  425 
 
   Aprasia   ii  396 
 
  APRASIAD    ii  396 
 
   Aprosmictus   ii  325 
 
   Aptenodytes   ii  366 
 
  APTERYGID    ii  369 
 
   Apteryx   ii  369 
 
   Apua   ii  453 
 
   Aquila   European Miocene  i  161 
    ii  348 
 
  AQUILIN    ii  348 
 
   Ara   ii  328 
 
   Arachnechthra   ii  276 
 
   Arachnothera   ii  277 
 
  ARAMID    ii  357 
 
   Aramides   ii  352 
 
   Aramus   ii  357 
 
   Arapaima   ii  454 
 
   Arborophila   ii  338 
 
  ARCAD    ii  534 
 
   Arch  omys   ii  238 
 
   Arch  opteryx   Bavarian Oolite  i  163 
 
   Archibuteo   ii  348 
 
  Arctic shells  ii  518 
    zone not a separate region  i  68 
 
   Arctitis   ii  195 
 
   Arctocebus   ii  176 
 
   Arctocephalus   ii  202 
 
   Arctocyon   European Eocene  i  125 
    ii  206 
 
   Arctodus   N  American Post Pliocene  i  130 
    ii  202 
 
   Arctogale   ii  195 
 
   Arctomys   European Pliocene  i  113 
    ii  235  236 
 
   Arctonyx   ii  199 
 
   Arctopithecus   ii  244 
 
   Arctotherium  in Brazilian caves  i  144 
    S  American Pliocene  i  146 
 
   Ardea   ii  359 
 
  ARDEID    ii  359 
 
   Ardistomus   ii  490 
 
   Argentina   ii  488 
 
   Arges   ii  444 
 
  ARGONAUTID    ii  505 
 
   Argus pheasant   figure of  i  339 
    peculiarity in display of plumage  and confirmation of Mr  Darwin s 
      views  i  340 
 
   Argusianus   ii  340 
 
   Argutor   ii  489 
 
   Argynnis   ii  474 
 
   Aricoris   ii  476 
 
   Ariella   ii  195 
 
   Arinia   ii  520 
 
   Arion   ii  517 
 
   Aristobia   ii  501 
 
   Arius   ii  443 
 
  Armadillos  ii  245 
 
   Arnoglossus   ii  441 
 
   Aromochelys   ii  408 
 
   Arremon   ii  99 
 
   Arrhenotus   ii  501 
 
   Artamia   ii  268 
    ii  271 
    ii  288 
 
  ARTAMID    ii  288 
 
   Artamides   ii  269 
 
   Artamus   ii  288 
 
   Arthroleptis   ii  421 
 
   Artiodactyla   European Eocene  i  126 
    N  American Tertiary  i  137 
    S  American Pliocene  i  146 
 
   Artomyias   ii  270 
 
   Arundinicola   ii  100 
 
   Arvicola   European Pliocene  i  113 
    in Brazilian caves  i  145 
    S  American Pliocene  i  147 
    S  American Eocene  i  148 
 
   Arvicola   ii  230  231 
 
   Asio   ii  350 
 
   Aspergillum   ii  537 
 
   Aspidoparia   ii  452 
 
   Aspidorhinus   ii  391 
 
   Aspidura   ii  374 
 
   Aspius   ii  453 
 
   Aspredo   ii  444 
 
   Aspro   ii  425 
 
   Astarte   ii  535 
 
   Astathes   ii  501 
 
   Asterophys   ii  421 
 
   Asterophysus   ii  443 
 
   Asthenodipsas   ii  381 
 
   Astrapia   ii  274 
 
   Astroblepus   ii  444 
 
   Astur   ii  348 
 
   Asturina   ii  348 
 
   Asturinula   ii  348 
 
  ATELEOPODID    ii  440 
 
   Ateles   ii  174 
 
   Atelopus   ii  416 
 
   Atelornis   ii  312 
 
   Aterica   ii  474 
 
   Athene   ii  350 
 
   Atherina   ii  434 
 
   Atherinichthys   ii  434 
 
  ATHERINID    ii  434 
 
   Atheris   ii  386 
 
   Atherura   ii  240 
 
   Athylax   ii  195 
 
   Athyma   ii  474 
 
  ATLANTID    ii  531 
 
   Atlapetes   ii  284 
 
  ATRACTASPIDID    ii  383 
 
   Atractaspis   ii  383 
 
   Atretium   ii  375 
 
   Atrichia   ii  299 
 
  ATRICHIID    ii  299 
 
   Atropos   ii  385 
 
   Attagis   ii  354 
 
  ATTALIN    ii  293 
 
   Atthis   ii  108 
 
   Atticora   ii  281 
 
   Attila   ii  102 
 
   Auchenaspis   ii  443 
 
   Auchenia   N  American Post Pliocene  i  130 
    ii  217 
 
   Auchenipterus   ii  443 
 
  Auckland Islands  birds of  i  455 
 
   Augastes   ii  108 
 
   Auks   ii  367 
 
   Aulia   ii  102 
 
   Aulacodes   ii  239 
 
   Aulacodon   ii  239 
 
   Aulacorhamphus   ii  307 
 
   Aulopoma   ii  520 
 
   Aulopyge   ii  452 
 
   Auricula   ii  519  527 
 
  AURICULID    ii  518 
 
   Auriparus   ii  266 
 
  Australia  physical features of  i  387 
 
  Australia and S  America  supposed land connection between  i  398 
 
  Australian region  description of  i  387 
    zoological characteristics of  i  390 
    mammalia of  i  390 
    birds of  i  391 
    reptiles of  i  396 
    amphibia of  i  397 
    fresh water fish of  i  397 
    summary of vertebrata of  i  397 
    supposed land connection of with S  America  i  398 
    insects of  i  403 
    lepidoptera of  i  404 
    coleoptera of  i  405 
    land shells of  i  407 
    sub regions of  i  408 
    early history of  i  465 
 
  Australian sub region  mammalia of  i  438 
    illustration of mammalia of  i  439 
    birds of  i  440 
    illustration of fauna of  i  441 
 
  Australian hedgehog  ii  254 
 
  Austro Malayan sub region  physical features of  i  388 
    zoology of  i  409 
 
   Automolus   ii  103 
 
  AVICULID    ii  533 
 
   Avocettula   ii  107 
 
   Avocettinus   ii  108 
 
  Aye aye  figure of  i  278 
    ii  177 
 
   Axiocerces   ii  477 
 
  Azores  visited by European birds  i  17 
    birds of  i  207 
    butterflies of  i  207 
    beetles of  i  207  209 
    peculiarly modified birds of  i  207 
    stragglers to  i  208 
    how stocked with animal life  i  208 
 
  B  
 
  Babirusa of Celebes  peculiarities of  i  428 
 
   Babirusa   ii  215 
 
  Badger  figure of  i  195 
 
   Badis   ii  433 
 
   B  otis   ii  475 
 
   Bagarius   ii  443 
 
   Bagrichthys   ii  442 
 
   Bagroides   ii  442 
 
   Bagrus   ii  442 
 
  Baird  Professor  on fauna of Cape St  Lucas ii  130 
    on representative birds of United States  ii  180 
 
   Bal  na   European Pliocene  i  112 
    ii  207 
 
   Bal  niceps   ii  360 
 
  BAL  NID    ii  207 
 
   Bal  nodon   European Pliocene  i  112 
 
   Bal  noptera   ii  207 
 
   Bal  nopterid     ii  207 
 
   Balea   ii  516 
 
   Balearica   ii  357 
 
  Baly  Mr   on Phytophaga of Japan  i  230 
 
  Banca  its peculiar species and solution of a problem in distribution  i  
      356 
 
  Band fish  ii  435 
 
  Bandicoots  ii  250 
 
   Barangia   ii  199 
 
   Barbatula   ii  306 
 
  Barbets  ii  305 
 
   Barbichthys   ii  452 
 
   Barbus   ii  451 
 
   Barilius   ii  452 
 
   Barissia   ii  392 
 
  Barriers  as affecting distribution  i  6 
    permanence of  as affecting distribution  i  7 
    to the dispersal of birds  i  17 
 
   Baryphthengus   ii  313 
 
   Barypus   ii  492 
 
   Basileuterus   ii  279 
 
   Basilornis   ii  287 
 
   Bassaris   ii  200 
 
   Batara   ii  104 
 
  Bates  Mr   on Carabid   of Japan  i  228 
    on Longicorns of Japan  i  230 
 
   Bathmodon   N  American Tertiary  i  136 
 
   Bathrodon   N  American Tertiary  i  133 
 
   Bathyerges   ii  231 
 
  BATOIDEI  ii  462 
 
  BATRACHID    ii  431 
 
   Batrachocephalus   ii  443 
 
   Batrachoseps   ii  413 
 
   Batrachostomus   ii  318 
 
  Bats  powers of flight of  i  15 
    classification of  i  87 
    of New Zealand  i  450 
 
   Baucis   ii  108 
 
   Baza   ii  349 
 
   Bdeogale   ii  195 
 
  Bearded Reedling  ii  262 
 
  Bears  probable cause of absence of  from tropical Africa  i  291 
    ii  201 
 
  Beaver  N  American Tertiary  i  140 
 
  Beavers  ii  234 
 
  Bee eaters  ii  312 
 
  Beetles  families selected for study  i  103 
    from the Lias  i  167 
    of Azores  i  207 
    of Japan  i  228 
    of S  Temperate America  ii  44 
 
  BELEMNITID    ii  506 
 
   Belemnoziphius   European Pliocene  i  112 
 
   Belideus   ii  252 
 
   Belionota   ii  497 
 
   Belodontichthys   ii  441 
 
   Belone   ii  450 
 
   Belonesox   ii  450 
 
  Belt  Mr   his theory of a great Siberian lake during the glacial epoch  
      i  218  ii  206 
    on change of climate caused by diminution of obliquity of ecliptic  i  
      466 
 
   Beluga   ii  209 
 
   Bembecidium   ii  489 
 
   Berardius   ii  208 
 
   Berenicornis   ii  317 
 
  Bermudas  zoology of  ii  134 
 
   Bernicla   ii  363 
 
   Bernieria   ii  258 
 
  BERYCID    ii  424 
 
   Bessonornis   ii  256 
 
   Bettongia   ii  251 
 
   Bhringa   ii  269 
 
   Bhutanitis   ii  479 
 
   Bias   ii  270 
 
   Biatas   ii  104 
 
   Bibos   ii  222 
 
   Bison   ii  222  225 
 
  Binney  Mr   on Air breathing Molluscs of N  America  ii  528 
 
  Birds  means of dispersal of  i  15 
    dispersal of by winds  i  16 
    American  found in Europe  i  16 
    reaching the Azores  i  17 
    barriers to dispersal of  i  17 
    limited by forests  i  17 
    classification of  i  93 
    Miocene of Greece  i  116 
    extinct  i  160 
    fossil of Pal  arctic region  i  161 
    European of Miocene period  i  161 
    Eocene of Europe  i  162 
    relations of  i  162 
    extinct of North America  i  163 
    recently extinct in New Zealand  i  164 
    Cretaceous of N  America  i  164 
    remains of in Brazilian caves  i  164 
    recently extinct in Madagascar and the Mascarene Islands  i  164 
    cosmopolitan groups of  i  176 
    numerous Pal  arctic genera  i  183 
    of the European sub region  i  193 
    northern range of in Europe  i  193 
    of the zone of pine forests  i  194 
    of Iceland  i  198 
    of the Mediterranean sub region  i  203 
    of Malta  i  206   note   
    of the Azores  i  207 
    of the Cape Verd Islands  i  215 
    of the Siberian sub region  i  219 
    Oriental found in Siberia  i  219 
    extreme northern Asiatic  i  219 
    of northern Asiatic forests  i  220 
    of the Manchurian sub region  i  223 
    Pal  arctic genera of  in the Manchurian 
    sub region  i  224 
    Oriental genera of  in the Manchurian 
    sub region  i  224 
    characteristic of N W  China and Mongolia  i  226 
    table of Pal  arctic families of  i  235 
    of West Africa  i  243 
    list of Pal  arctic genera of  i  243 
    of the Ethiopian region  i  253 
    of the East African sub region  i  260 
    S  African  i  267 
    genera of  peculiar to Madagascar  i  275 
    common to Madagascar and Oriental or Ethiopian regions  i  276 
    species common to Madagascar and Africa or Asia  i  277 
    table of Ethiopian families of  i  295 
    table of Ethiopian genera of  i  306 
    of the Oriental region  i  316 
    of the Indian sub region  i  323 
    Oriental genera of in Central India  i  324 
    Pal  arctic and Ethiopian genera in Central India  i  325 
    of Ceylon  i  327 
    of the Indo Chinese sub region  i  330 
    of the Indo Malayan sub region  i  337 
    illustration of peculiar Malayan  i  339 
    of the Philippine Islands  i  346 
    table of Oriental families of  i  366 
    table of Oriental genera of  i  375 
    of Australian region  i  391 
    specially organized Australian families of  i  392 
    of the Papuan Islands  i  410 
    peculiarities of  i  413 
    brilliant colours of  i  413 
    remarkable forms of  i  414 
    of the Moluccas  i  418 
    peculiarities of  i  421 
    of the Timor group  i  423 
    of Celebes  i  428 
    of Australia  i  440 
    of New Zealand  i  451 
    peculiar to New Zealand  i  452 
    of Norfolk Island  i  453 
    of Lord Howe s Island  i  453 
    of the Chatham Islands  i  454 
    of the Auckland Islands  i  455 
    table of families of Australian  i  471 
    table of genera of Australian  i  478 
    of the Neotropical region  ii  6 
    distinctive characters of Neotropical  ii  7 
    of the Mexican sub region  ii  52 
    of the Antilles  ii  64 
    table of distribution of  ii  68 
    table of families of Neotropical  ii  86 
    table of genera of Neotropical  ii  86 
    of the Nearctic region  ii  116 
    list of typical genera of  ii  118 
    of California  ii  127 
    of Central N  America  ii  130 
    of Eastern United States  ii  132 
    of Canada  ii  136 
    table of Nearctic families of  ii  141 
    table of Nearctic genera of  ii  148 
    and Mammals  parallelism of distribution of  ii  545 
    lines of migration of  ii  545 
    peculiar development of  in islands  ii  546 
    contrast of distribution in tropical and 
    temperate oceanic islands  ii  546 
 
   Biziura    ii  364 
 
   Blacicus   ii  102 
 
  Black ape of Celebes  i  427 
 
  Bland  Mr  Thomas  on Antillean land shells  ii  19 
    ii  526 
 
  Blanford  Mr  W  T   on the  Indian  region  i  60 
    on relations of Indian sub region with Africa  i  321 
 
   Blapsidium   Oolitic insect  i  167 
 
   Blarina   ii  191 
 
   Blauneria   ii  519 
 
  BLENNID    ii  431 
 
   Blenniops   ii  431 
 
   Blennius   ii  431 
 
   Blethisa   ii  489 
 
  Blind burrowing snakes  ii  372 
 
  Blunt heads  ii  380 
 
  Blyth  Mr   on zoological regions  i  60 
    on the relations of Indian sub region with Africa  i  321 
 
   Boa   ii  381 
 
   Bo  don   ii  380 
 
  Boas  ii  381 
 
   Bola   ii  452 
 
   Bolborhynchus   ii  328 
 
   Boleosoma   ii  425 
 
  BOMBINATORID    ii  416 
 
   Bombinator   ii  417 
 
   Bonasa   ii  339 
 
  Bonnet limpets  ii  511 
 
  Bony Pikes  ii  459 
 
   Bootherium   ii  225 
 
  Borneo  probable recent changes in  i  357 
 
   Bos   Post Pliocene  i  112 
    Indian Miocene  i  122 
    ii  222  225 
 
   Botaurus   ii  359 
 
   Bothriodon   ii  215 
 
   Botia   ii  453 
 
  Bourbon  zoology of  i  280 
    reptiles of  i  281 
 
   Bourcieria   ii  108 
    ii  521 
 
   Bovid     European Miocene  i  120 
 
  BOVID    ii  221 
 
  BOVIN    ii  222 
 
   Brachinus   ii  489 
 
  BRACHIOPODA  ii  532 
 
   Brachiurophis   ii  383 
 
   Brachiurus   ii  175 
 
   Brachyalestes   ii  445 
 
   Brachycephalus   ii  414 
 
   Brachygalba   ii  311 
 
   Brachylophus   ii  401 
 
   Brachymeles   ii  397 
 
   Brachymerus   ii  416 
 
   Brachymys   European Miocene  i  120 
    ii  232 
    ii  236 
 
   Brachymystax   ii  447 
 
   Brachypteryx   ii  256 
 
   Brachypternus   ii  303 
 
   Brachytarsomys   ii  230 
 
   Brachypteracias   ii  312 
 
   Brachyrhamphus   ii  367 
 
   Bradybates   ii  413 
 
   Bradycellus   ii  489 
 
   Bradyornis   ii  271 
 
  BRADYPODID    ii  244 
 
   Bradyptetus   ii  258 
 
   Bradypus   ii  244 
 
   Bradytus   ii  489 
 
   Brama   ii  429 
 
   Bramatherium   Miocene of Perim Island  i  122 
    ii  226 
 
   Branchiosteus   ii  442 
 
   Branta   ii  364 
 
  BRASSOLID    ii  472 
 
   Brassolis   ii  472 
 
  Brazilian cave fauna  i  143 
    remarks on  i  145 
 
  Brazilian sub region  description of  ii  21 
    mammalia of  ii  23 
    birds of  ii  24 
    illustration of mammalia of  ii  23 
    illustration of birds of  ii  28 
    islands of  ii  29 
 
   Breviceps   ii  416 
 
   Breyeria borinensis   Carboniferous insect  i  168 
 
  Britain  peculiar species in  i  197 
 
  British Isles  zoology of  i  197 
 
  Broad bill  Malayan  figure of  i  340 
 
  Broad bills  ii  294 
 
   Bronchocela   ii  402 
 
   Brontes   ii  444 
 
   Brontotherid     N  American Tertiary  i  137 
 
   Brontotherium   N  American Tertiary  i  137 
 
   Brotogerys   ii  328 
 
  Brush turkeys  ii  341 
 
   Brycon   ii  445 
 
   Bryconops   ii  445 
 
   Bryttus   ii  425 
 
   Buarremon   ii  99 
 
   Bubalus   ii  222 
 
   Bubo   European Miocene  i  162 
    ii  350 
 
  BUCCINID    ii  507 
 
   Buccinum   ii  507 
 
   Bucco   ii  310 
 
  BUCCONIID    ii  310 
 
   Bucephala   ii  364 
 
   Bucephalus   ii  379 
 
   Buceros   ii  317 
 
  BUCEROTID    ii  316 
 
   Bucorvus   ii  317 
 
   Budorcas   ii  224 
 
  BUDORCIN    ii  224 
 
   Budytes   ii  290 
 
  Buffaloes  ii  221 
 
   Bufo   ii  415 
 
  BUFONID    ii  415 
 
   Bulbuls   ii  267 
 
  BULLID    ii  530 
 
   Buliminus   ii  514 
 
   Bulimulus   ii  514 
 
   Bulimus   Eocene  i  169 
    ii  514  523 
 
   Bun  lurus   N American Tertiary  i  134 
 
   Bungarus   ii  383 
 
   Bungia   ii  452 
 
   Bunocephalichthys   ii  444 
 
   Bunocephalus   ii  444 
 
   Buphaga   ii  288 
 
  BUPRESTID    ii  495 
 
   Buprestidium   Oolitic insect  i  167 
 
   Busarellus   ii  348 
 
  Bush shrikes  ii  297 
 
  Bustards  ii  356 
 
   Butalis   ii  270 
 
   Butastur   ii  348 
 
   Buteo   ii  348 
 
   Buteogallus   ii  348 
 
  BUTEONIN    ii  348 
 
   Buteola   ii  348 
 
   Buthraupis   ii  98 
 
  Butterflies  arrangement of  i  103 
    Pal  arctic  i  187 
    of Central Europe  i  196 
    of the Mediterranean sub region  i  205 
    of Azores  i  207 
    peculiar to Siberian sub region  i  220 
    of Japan and North China  i  227 
    of the Ethiopian region  i  255 
    number of Ethiopian species  i  256 
    of Indo Malay sub region  i  342 
    of the Australian region  i  404 
    of the Austro Malay sub region  i  404 
    of the Moluccas  i  419 
    of Celebes  peculiarities of  i  434 
    of New Zealand  i  457 
    ii  470 
    general remarks on the distribution of  ii  483 
    fossil  ii  486 
    of S  Temperate America  ii  43 
 
   Bycanistes   ii  317 
 
  C  
 
   Cabalus   ii  352 
 
   Cabrita   ii  391 
 
   Cacatua   ii  325 
 
  CACATUID    ii  324 
 
   Caccabis   ii  339 
 
   Cachius   ii  453 
 
   Cacomantis   ii  309 
 
   Cacophis   ii  383 
 
   Cacopitta   ii  261 
 
   Cacopus   ii  416 
 
   Cacotus   ii  417 
 
   Cactornis   ii  284 
 
   Cadurcotherium   European Eocene  i  125 
 
   C  cilia   ii  411 
 
  C  CILIAD    ii  411 
 
   C  cum   ii  509 
 
   C  lodon   in Brazilian caves  i  145 
 
   C  logenys   in Brazilian caves  i  144 
    ii  241 
 
   C  nopithecus   European Eocene  i  124 
    ii  178 
 
   C  ntropus   ii  445 
 
   Cainotherium   European Miocene  i  120 
    European Eocene  i  126 
 
   Cairina   ii  364 
 
   Caica   ii  328 
 
   Calamanthus   ii  258 
 
   Calamaria   ii  374 
 
  CALAMARIID    ii  374 
 
   Calamodon   N  American Eocene  i  139 
 
   Calamodus   ii  258 
 
  CALAMOHERPIN    ii  287 
 
   Calamoichthys   ii  458 
 
   Calamospiza   ii  285 
 
   Calandrella   ii  289 
 
   Calao   ii  317 
 
   Calathus   ii  489 
 
   Caledonica   ii  487 
 
   Calendula   ii  289 
 
   Calicalicus   ii  271 
 
   Calictis   ii  195 
 
   Calidris   ii  353 
 
   Caliecthrus   ii  309 
 
  California  illustration of zoology of  ii  128 
 
  Californian sub region  ii  127 
    mammalia of  ii  127 
    birds of  ii  127 
    reptiles of  ii  128 
    amphibia of  ii  128 
    fresh water fishes of  ii  128 
 
   Caligo   ii  472 
 
   Calinaga   ii  479 
 
   Calisto   ii  471 
 
   Call  as   ii  287 
 
   Callia   ii  521 
 
   Callichroma   ii  501 
 
   Callichrous   ii  442 
 
   Callichthys   ii  444 
 
   Callida   ii  490 
 
   Callidryas   ii  478 
 
   Callionymus   ii  430 
 
   Calliope   ii  259 
 
   Callipepla   ii  339 
 
   Calliperidia   ii  108 
 
   Calliphlox   ii  198 
 
   Callirhynus   ii  375 
 
   Callisaurus   ii  401 
 
   Calliste   ii  98 
 
   Callisthenus   ii  489 
 
   Callithea   ii  474 
 
   Callithrix   in Brazilian caves  i  184 
    ii  175 
    ii  178 
 
   Callocephalus   ii  204 
 
   Callochen   ii  363 
 
   Callomystax   ii  443 
 
   Callophis   ii  383 
 
   Callophysus   ii  443 
 
   Callopistes   ii  390 
 
   Callorhinus   ii  202 
 
   Calloselasma   ii  385 
 
   Callosune   ii  478 
 
   Callula   ii  416 
 
   Calobates   ii  290 
 
   Calocitta   ii  273 
 
   Calodromas   ii  344 
 
   Caloenas   ii  333 
 
   Caloperdix   ii  339 
 
   Calophena   ii  490 
 
   Calopsitta   ii  325 
 
   Caloragia   ii  375 
 
   Calorhamphus   ii  306 
 
   Calornis   ii  288 
 
   Calosoma   ii  489 
 
   Calostethus   ii  419 
 
   Calotes   ii  402 
 
   Calothorax   ii  108 
 
   Calydna   ii  476 
 
   Calypte   ii  108 
 
   Calyptocephalus   ii  421 
 
   Calyptomena   ii  295 
 
   Calyptorhynchus   ii  325 
 
  CALYPTR  ID    ii  511 
 
   Calyptura   ii  102 
 
   Camarhynchus   ii  284 
 
   Camaroptera   ii  258 
 
  Camel  fossil in Indian Miocene  i  122 
    birth place and migrations of  i  155 
    Pal  arctic  i  182 
 
   Camelid     essentially extra tropical  i  112 
    N  American Tertiary  i  138 
 
  CAMELID    ii  216 
 
  CAMELOPARDALID    ii  221 
 
   Camelopardalis   Miocene of Greece  i  116 
    Indian Miocene  i  122 
    ii  221 
 
   Camelotherium   S  American Pliocene  i  147 
    ii  217 
 
  Camels  ii  216 
 
   Camelus   ii  216 
 
   Camena   ii  477 
 
   Campephaga   ii  269 
 
  CAMPEPHAGID    ii  268 
 
   Campephilus   ii  303 
 
   Campsiempis   ii  101 
 
   Camptolaimus   ii  364 
 
   Campylopterus   ii  107 
 
   Campylorhynchus   ii  264 
 
  Canadian sub region  mammalia of  ii  135 
    birds of  ii  136 
    reptiles and fishes of  ii  137 
    insects of  ii  137 
 
  Canaries  birds of  i  208 
    beetles of  i  209 
 
   Cancroma   ii  359 
 
   Canid     European Miocene  i  118 
    European Eocene  i  125 
    N  American Tertiary  i  134 
    remarkable S  African  i  267 
 
  CANID    ii  197 
 
   Canis   European Pliocene  i  112 
    Post Pliocene  i  112 
    European Miocene  i  118 
    Indian Miocene  i  121 
    European Eocene  i  125 
    N  American Post Pliocene  i  129 
    N  American Tertiary  i  134  135 
    in Brazilian caves  i  144 
    S  American Pliocene  i  146 
    ii  197 
 
   Cantharus   ii  427 
 
   Cantoria   ii  376 
 
  Cape Ant eater  ii  246 
 
  Cape of Good Hope  peculiar flora and fauna of  i  266 
 
  Cape Verd Islands  zoology of  i  214 
 
  Cape hare  S  African  i  267 
 
   Capito   ii  306 
 
  CAPITONIN    ii  306 
 
   Capoeta   ii  451 
 
   Capra   ii  224  225 
 
   Capreolus   ii  219 
 
  CAPRIMULGID    ii  319 
 
   Caprimulgus   ii  319 
 
  CAPRIN    ii  224 
 
   Capromys   ii  238 
 
   Capys   ii  477 
 
  CARABID    ii  488 
 
   Carabus   ii  488 
    ii  489 
 
  CARANGID    ii  429 
 
   Carassius   ii  451 
 
  CARCHARIID    ii  460 
 
   Carcineutes   ii  316 
 
   Cardellina   ii  279 
 
  CARDIAD    ii  535 
 
   Cardinalis   ii  285 
 
   Cardiodus   S  American Pliocene  i  147 
 
   Cardiopthalmus   ii  492 
 
   Cardita   ii  535 
 
   Carenum   ii  490 
 
   Cariama   Brazilian caves  i  164 
    ii  357 
 
  CARIAMID    ii  357 
 
   Caridonax   ii  316 
 
   Carlia   ii  397 
 
   Carnivora  of European Pliocene  i  112 
    Miocene of Greece  i  115 
    European Miocene  i  118 
    Indian Miocene  i  121 
    European Eocene  i  125 
    N  American Post Pliocene  i  129 
    N  American Tertiary  i  134 
    of Brazilian caves  i  144 
    S  American Pliocene  i  146 
 
  Carnivora  classification of  i  88 
    antiquity of  i  153 
    of the Pal  arctic region  i  182 
    list of Pal  arctic genera of  i  240 
    list of Ethiopian genera of  i  302 
    range of Oriental genera of  i  373 
    list of Australian genera of  i  476 
 
  CARNIVORA  ii  192 
    general remarks on the distribution of  ii  204 
    range of  in time  ii  206 
    summary and conclusion  ii  541 
 
  Caroline Islands  birds of  i  444 
 
  Carpenter  Dr  Philip  on Panama shells  ii  20 
 
   Carpiodes   ii  451 
 
   Carpococcyx   ii  309 
 
   Carpodacus   ii  285 
 
   Carpodectes   ii  102  294 
 
   Carpophaga   ii  332 
 
   Carterodon  in Brazilian caves  i  145 
    ii  239 
 
  Carus  and Gerstaeker on classification of animals  i  85 
    Professor  on classification of the Cetacea  i  88 
 
   Carychium   ii  519 
 
   Casarca   ii  363 
 
   Cascelius   ii  492 
 
   Casiornis   ii  102  293 
 
   Casoryx   N  American Tertiary  i  138 
    ii  225 
 
   Casnonia   ii  489 
 
   Cassiculus   ii  282 
 
   Cassicus   ii  282 
 
   Cassidaria   ii  507 
 
   Cassidix   ii  283 
 
   Cassinia   ii  270 
 
  Cassowaries  ii  368 
 
   Castalia   ii  534 
 
   Castnia   ii  481 
 
  CASTNIID    ii  481 
 
   Castor   European Pliocene  i  113 
    European Miocene  i  120 
    ii  234 
 
  CASTORID    ii  234 
 
   Castoroides   ii  234 
 
   Casuarius   ii  369 
 
  CASUARIID    ii  368 
 
   Catadromus   ii  490 
 
   Catagramma   ii  474 
 
   Catamblyrhynchus   ii  285 
 
   Catamenia   ii  285 
 
   Catascopus   ii  489 
    ii  491 
 
   Cataulus   ii  520 
 
   Catharistes   ii  346 
 
   Cathartes   Brazilian caves  i  124 
    ii  346 
 
   Catharus   ii  256 
 
   Catherpes   ii  264 
 
   Catla   ii  451 
 
   Catoblepas   ii  224 
 
   Catodon   ii  208 
 
   Catodontid     ii  207 
 
   Catopra   ii  433 
 
   Catoprion   ii  446 
 
   Catostomus   ii  451 
 
   Catoxantha   ii  496 
 
   Catriscus   ii  258 
 
  Cats  ii  192 
 
  Cave fauna of Brazil  i  143 
 
   Cavia   European Miocene  i  121 
    in Brazilian caves  i  144 
    S  American Pliocene  i  147 
    ii  241 
 
  Cavies  ii  241 
 
  CAVIID    ii  241 
 
  CEBID    ii  174 
 
   Cebochoerus   European Eocene  i  126 
    ii  215 
 
   Cebus  in Brazilian caves  i  144 
    ii  174 
    ii  178 
 
   Cecina   ii  521 
 
  Celebes  physical features of  i  389 
    mammalia of  i  426 
    birds of  i  428 
    insects of  i  434 
    origin of fauna of  i  436 
 
   Celestus   ii  327 
 
   Celeus   ii  303 
 
   Celia   ii  489 
 
   Cenchris   ii  385 
 
   Centetes   ii  188 
 
   Centetid     European Miocene  i  118 
 
  CENTETID    ii  188 
 
   Centrarchus   ii  425 
 
  CENTRISCID    ii  436 
 
   Centriscus   ii  436 
 
   Centrites   ii  101  291 
 
   Centrocercus   ii  339 
 
   Centrolabrus   ii  437 
 
   Centrolophus   ii  429 
 
   Centromochlus   ii  443 
 
   Centronotus   ii  431 
 
   Centropus   ii  309 
 
   Centronyx   ii  286 
 
   Centropyx   ii  390 
 
   Centurus   ii  303 
 
   Cephalepis   ii  108 
 
   Cephalopeltis   ii  389 
 
  CEPHALOPHIN    ii  224 
 
   Cephalophus   ii  224 
 
  CEPHALOPODA  ii  505 
 
   Cephalopterus   ii  103  294 
 
   Cephalopyrus   ii  266 
 
   Cepola   ii  435 
 
  CEPOLID    ii  435 
 
  CERAMBYCID    ii  493 
 
   Ceratichthys   ii  452 
 
   Ceratina   ii  470 
 
  Ceratodus  remarkable Australian fish  i  397 
 
   Ceratodus   ii  458 
 
   Ceratohyla   ii  418 
 
   Ceratophora   ii  402 
 
   Ceratophorus   ii  501 
 
   Ceratophrys   ii  420 
 
   Ceratoptera   ii  463 
 
   Ceratorhina   ii  367 
 
   Ceratorhinus   ii  213 
 
   Ceratotherium   ii  213 
 
   Cerberus   ii  376 
 
   Cercaspis   ii  380 
 
   Cerchneis   ii  349 
 
   Cercocebus   ii  173 
 
   Cercolabes  in Brazilian caves  i  145 
    ii  240 
 
  CERCOLABID    ii  239 
 
   Cercoleptes   ii  200 
 
   Cercomacra   ii  104 
 
   Cercomela   ii  260 
 
   Cercomys   ii  239 
 
   Cercopithecus  in European Pliocene  i  112 
    ii  173 
 
   Cercosaura   ii  394 
 
  CERCOSAURID    ii  394 
 
   Cereopsis   ii  363 
 
   Ceriornis   ii  340 
 
  CERITHIAD    ii  509 
 
   Certhia   ii  264 
 
   Certhidea   ii  278 
 
  CERTHIAD    ii  264 
 
   Certhilauda   ii  289 
 
   Certhiola   ii  278 
 
   Certhiparus   ii  266 
 
   Cervicapra   ii  224 
 
  CERVICAPRIN    ii  224 
 
   Cervid     European Miocene  i  120 
    birth place and migrations of  i  155 
 
  CERVID    ii  218 
 
   Cervulus   ii  219 
 
   Cervus   European Pliocene  i  113 
    Indian Pliocene and Miocene  i  122 
    N  American Post Pliocene  i  130 
    N  American Tertiary  i  138 
    in Brazilian caves  i  144 
    S  American Pliocene  i  147 
    ii  219 
 
   Ceryle   ii  316 
 
  CESTRACIONTID    ii  461 
 
   Cetacea   European Pliocene  i  112 
    European Miocene  i  119 
    N  American Post Pliocene  i  130 
    N  American Tertiary  i  140 
 
  Cetacea  classification of  i  89 
    range of Oriental genus  i  374 
 
  CETACEA  ii  207 
 
   Cethosia   ii  474 
 
  CETONIID    ii  494 
 
   Cetopsis   ii  443 
 
   Cettia   ii  258 
 
   Ceuthmochares   ii  309 
 
   Ceycopsis   ii  316 
 
  Ceylon and Malaya  resemblance of insects of  i  327 
 
  Ceylonese sub region  i  326 
    mammalia of  i  327 
    birds of  i  327 
    reptiles of  i  327 
    amphibia of  i  327 
    insects of  i  327 
    past history of  as indicated by its fauna  i  328 
 
   Ceyx   ii  316 
 
   Chaca   ii  441 
 
   Ch  marrhornis   ii  259 
 
   Ch  mepelia   ii  333 
 
   Ch  rocampa   ii  482 
 
   Ch  tobranchus   ii  439 
 
   Ch  tocercus   ii  108 
    ii  249 
 
   Ch  todon   ii  427 
 
   Ch  tomys   ii  240 
 
   Ch  tops   ii  256 
 
   Ch  toptila   ii  276 
 
   Ch  torhynchus   ii  269 
 
   Ch  tostomus   ii  444 
 
   Ch  tura   ii  320 
 
   Ch  tusia   ii  356 
 
   Chalceus   ii  445 
 
  CHALCID    ii  393 
 
   Chalcinopsis   ii  445 
 
   Chalcinus   ii  445 
 
   Chalcis   ii  393 
 
   Chalcochloris   ii  189 
 
   Chalcopelia   ii  333 
 
   Chalcophaps   ii  333 
 
   Chalcostetha   ii  276 
 
   Chalicomys   European Pliocene  i  113 
 
   Chalicotherium   European Miocene  i  119 
    Indian Miocene  i  122 
    fossil in N  China  i  123 
 
   Cham  leo   N  American Eocene  i  165 
 
   Chalybura   ii  107 
 
   Cham  a   ii  264 
 
  CHAM  ID    ii  264 
 
  CHAM  LEONID    ii  402 
 
  Cham  leons  ii  402 
 
   Cham  petes   ii  343 
 
   Cham  ospiza   ii  284 
 
   Cham  saura   ii  394 
 
  CHAM  SAURID    ii  394 
 
   Cham  za   ii  104 
 
  CHAMID    ii  534 
 
  Chamois  figure of  i  195 
    ii  224 
 
   Chamostrea   ii  536 
 
   Chanodichthys   ii  453 
 
  CHARACINID    ii  444 
 
   Characodon   ii  450 
 
  CHARADRIID    ii  355 
 
   Charadrius   ii  356 
 
   Charina   ii  373 
 
   Charis   ii  476 
 
   Charitornis   ii  274 
 
   Charmosyna   ii  327 
 
   Chasiempis   ii  271 
 
   Chasmodes   ii  431 
 
   Chasmorhynchus   ii  103  294 
 
   Chatarrh  a   ii  261 
 
  Chatham Islands  birds of  i  454 
 
  Chatterers  ii  293 
 
   Chaulelasmus   ii  364 
 
   Chauna   ii  361 
 
   Chaunonotus   ii  272 
 
   Chaunoproctus   ii  284 
 
   Chela   ii  453 
 
   Chelemys   ii  408 
 
   Chelidon   ii  281 
 
   Chelidoptera   ii  311 
 
   Chelidorynx   ii  271 
 
   Chelodina   ii  408 
 
   Chelomeles  ii  397 
 
   Chelone   ii  409 
 
  Chelonia  classification of  i  100 
 
  CHELONIA  ii  407 
    remarks on the distribution of  ii  410 
    fossil  ii  410 
 
  CHELONIID    ii  409 
 
  CHELYDID    ii  408 
 
   Chelydobatrachus   ii  416 
 
   Chelydra   European Pliocene  i  165 
    ii  408 
 
   Chelys   ii  408 
 
   Chenalopex   ii  363 
 
   Chera   ii  286 
 
   Chersina   ii  408 
 
   Chersydrus   ii  382 
 
  Chevrotain of Malaya  figure of  i  336 
 
  Chevrotains  ii  218 
 
   Chiamela   ii  397 
 
   Chiasognathus   ii  493 
 
   Chibia   ii  269 
 
   Chilabothrus   ii  381 
 
  Chili should not be placed in the Pal  arctic or Nearctic regions  i  63 
 
  Chili and Temperate S  America  distribution of Carabid   in  ii  492 
 
  Chilian Andes  illustration of zoology of  ii  40 
 
  Chilian sub region  ii  36 
    mammalia of  ii  36 
    birds of  ii  37 
    illustration of zoology of  ii  40 
    reptiles and amphibia of  ii  40 
    fresh water fishes of  ii  42 
    insects of  ii  42 
    origin and migrations of insects of  ii  47 
 
  Chili  islands of  ii  49 
 
   Chilinia   ii  518 
 
   Chilobranchus   ii  456 
 
   Chilomeniscus   ii  375 
 
   Chim  ra   ii  460 
 
  CHIM  RID    ii  460 
 
  China  fossil mammals in  resembling those of Indian and European 
      Miocene  i  362 
    North  mammalia of  i  222 
 
   Chinchilla   ii  237 
 
   Chinchillid    in Brazilian caves  i  145 
    S  American Pliocene  i  147 
    Pliocene of Antilles  i  148 
 
  CHINCHILLID    ii  237 
 
   Chioglossa   ii  413 
 
   Chionabas   ii  471 
 
  CHIONIDID    ii  354 
 
   Chionis   ii  354 
 
  CHIROCENTRID    ii  454 
 
  CHIROCOLID    ii  393 
 
   Chirodon   ii  445 
 
   Chirodryas   ii  418 
 
   Chirogaleus   ii  176 
 
   Chiroleptes   ii  421 
 
   Chiromach  ris   ii  102  292 
 
   Chiromantis   ii  419 
 
  CHIROMYID    ii  177 
 
   Chironectes   ii  248 
 
  Chiroptera  classification of  i  87 
    list of Pal  arctic genera of  i  239 
    list of Ethiopian genera of  i  300 
    range of Oriental genera of  i  371 
    list of Australian genera of  i  475 
 
   Chiroptera   European Eocene  i  125 
    in Brazilian caves  i  144 
 
  CHIROPTERA  ii  181 
    remarks on the distribution of  ii  185 
    fossil  ii  185 
    summary and conclusion  ii  441 
 
   Chirotes   ii  388 
 
  CHIROTID    ii  388 
 
   Chiroxiphia   ii  102  292 
 
  CHITONID    ii  512 
 
   Chittya   ii  519 
 
   Chl  nius   ii  489 
 
   Chlamydodera   ii  275 
 
   Chlamydophorus   ii  246 
 
   Chlamydotherium   ii  246 
    in Brazilian caves  i  145 
 
   Chlenasicus   ii  262 
 
   Chlo  phaga   ii  363 
 
   Chlorochrysa   ii  98 
    ii  99 
 
   Chloronerpes   ii  303 
 
   Chlorophanes   ii  278 
 
   Chlorophonia   ii  98 
    ii  99 
 
   Chloropipo   ii  102 
 
   Chlorospiza   ii  283 
 
   Chlorospingus   ii  99 
    ii  100 
 
   Chlorostilbon   ii  109 
 
   Choanomphalus   ii  518 
 
   Choanopoma   ii  521 
 
   Choeromorus   European Miocene  i  119 
 
   Choeropotamus   European Eocene  i  126 
    ii  215 
 
   Choeropus   ii  250 
 
   Choerotherium   Indian Miocene  i  122 
 
   Chol  pus   ii  244 
 
   Chologastes   ii  450 
 
   Cholornis   ii  262 
 
   Chondestes   ii  285 
 
   Chondropoma   ii  521 
 
  CHONDROPTERYGII  ii  46 
 
  CHONDROSTEI  ii  459 
 
   Chondrostoma   ii  452 
 
   Choneziphius   European Pliocene  i  112 
 
   Chordeiles   ii  320 
 
  Chough  Alpine  figure of  i  195 
 
  Choughs  ii  274 
 
  CHROMID    ii  438 
 
   Chromis   ii  438 
 
   Chrysichthys   ii  442 
 
   Chrysobronchus   ii  108 
 
   Chrysococcyx   ii  310 
 
  CHRYSOCHLORID    ii  189 
 
   Chrysochloris   ii  189 
 
   Chrysocolaptes   ii  303 
 
   Chrysocyon   ii  197 
 
   Chrysolampis   ii  108 
 
   Chrysomitris   ii  283 
 
   Chrysopelea   ii  379 
 
   Chrysophrys   ii  427 
 
   Chrysoptilus   ii  303 
 
   Chrysothrix   ii  175 
 
   Chrysotis   ii  328 
 
   Chrysuronia   ii  109 
 
   Chthonicola   ii  258 
 
   Ciccaba   ii  350 
 
   Cichla   ii  439 
 
   Cichladusa   ii  261 
 
   Cichlopsis   ii  260 
 
   Cicigna   ii  392 
 
   Cicindela   ii  486 
 
  CICINDELID    ii  486 
 
   Cicinnurus   ii  275 
 
   Ciconia   ii  360 
 
   Ciconiid     ii  360 
 
  CINCLID    ii  262 
 
   Cinclocerthia   ii  256 
 
   Cinclodes   ii  103 
 
   Cinclorhamphus   ii  260 
 
   Cinclosoma   ii  261 
 
   Cinclus   ii  263 
 
   Cinnicerthia   ii  264 
 
   Cinnyricinclus   ii  276 
    ii  288 
 
   Cinosternon   ii  408 
 
   Cinyxis   ii  408 
 
   Cionella   ii  515 
 
   Circa  tus   ii  348 
 
   Circe   ii  109 
 
  Circumpolar zones  objections to system of  i  67 
 
   Circus   ii  347 
 
   Cirrhina   ii  451 
 
  CIRRHITID    ii  427 
 
   Cirrhochroa   ii  474 
 
  CIRRHOSTOMI  ii  464 
 
   Cissa   ii  273 
 
   Cissopis   ii  99 
 
   Cisticola   ii  257 
 
   Cistothorus   ii  263 
 
   Cistula   ii  521 
 
   Cithara   ii  508 
 
   Citharinus   ii  445 
 
   Cittura   ii  316 
 
   Cladognathus   ii  493 
 
   Clais   ii  108 
 
  Clam shells  ii  535 
 
   Clarias   ii  441 
 
   Clarotes   ii  442 
 
  Classification as affecting the study of distribution  i  83 
 
   Claudius   ii  408 
 
   Clausilia   Eocene  i  169 
    ii  514 
 
   Clerome   ii  472 
 
   Clibanornis   ii  103 
 
   Climacteris   ii  265 
 
  Climate  as a limit to the range of mammalia  i  11 
    gradual change of  before the glacial epoch  i  41 
 
   Clinteria   ii  494 
 
  CLIONID    ii  531 
 
   Clostophis   ii  520 
 
   Clupea   ii  454 
 
  CLUPEID    ii  454 
 
   Clymenia   ii  209 
 
   Clypeicterus   ii  282 
 
   Clytoctantes   ii  104 
 
   Clytol  na   ii  108 
 
   Clytus   ii  501 
 
   Cnidoglanis   ii  441 
 
   Cnipodectes   ii  101 
 
   Cnipolegus   ii  101  291 
 
   Cobitis   ii  453 
 
  Cobras  ii  382 
 
   Coccothraustes   ii  284 
 
   Coccygus   ii  309 
 
   Coccystes   ii  310 
 
   Cochlognathus   ii  452 
 
   Cochlostyla   ii  514 
 
   Cochlothraustes   ii  309 
 
   Cochoa   ii  269 
 
  Cockatoos  ii  324 
 
  Cockles  ii  535 
 
  Cocos Islands  bird of  ii  60 
 
   Cocytia   ii  481 
 
   Coeligena   ii  107 
 
   Coelodon   ii  245 
 
   Coelonotus   ii  457 
 
   Coelopeltis   ii  377 
 
   Coelosterna   ii  501 
 
   Coenonympha   ii  471 
 
   Coereba   ii  278 
 
  COEREBID    ii  278 
 
   Cogia   ii  208 
 
   Colaptes   ii  304 
 
  Coleoptera  families selected for study  i  103 
    Pal  arctic  i  188 
    number of Pal  arctic species  i  189 
    of Central Europe  i  196 
    of the Mediterranean sub region  i  205 
    of the Cape Verd Islands  i  215 
    of the Ethiopian region  i  256 
    S  African  i  268 
    of Madagascar  i  282  283 
    of the Oriental region  i  319 
    of Indo Malay sub region  i  342 
    of the Australian region  i  405 
    affinity of Australian and South American  i  406  407 
    of Celebes  i  435 
    of New Zealand  i  457 
    of the Neotropical region  ii  15 
    of S  Temperate America  ii  44 
    of the Mexican sub region  ii  56 
    of the Antilles  ii  74 
    of the Nearctic region  ii  123 
 
  COLEOPTERA  ii  486 
    general observations on the distribution of  ii  502   see also  
      Beetles  
 
   Colias   ii  478 
 
  Colies  ii  307 
 
  COLIID    ii  307 
 
   Colius   ii  307 
 
   Coliuspasser   ii  286 
 
   Collocalia   European Miocene  i  161 
    ii  320 
 
   Colluricincla   ii  272 
 
   Collyris   ii  486  487 
 
   Colobus   European Miocene  i  117 
    ii  172 
 
   Col  nis   ii  474 
 
   Colonoceras   N  American Tertiary  i  136 
 
   Colopterus   ii  101 
 
   Colossochelys  of Indian Miocene  i  123  165 
 
   Colpodes   ii  489 
 
   Coluber   ii  375 
 
  COLUBRID    ii  375 
 
  COLUBRIN    ii  375 
 
  Columb    classification of  i  96 
    range of Pal  arctic genera of  i  248 
    range of Ethiopian genera of  i  311 
    range of Oriental genera of  i  384 
    range of Australian genera of  i  485 
 
   Columba   ii  332 
 
  COLUMB    ii  331 
    general remarks on the distribution of  ii  335 
 
  COLUMBID    ii  331 
 
   Columbula   ii  333 
 
   Columna   ii  516 
 
  COLYMBID    ii  366 
 
   Colymbus   ii  366 
 
  COMEPHORID    ii  432 
 
   Comephorus   ii  549 
 
  Comoro islands  zoology of  i  281 
 
   Compsosoma   ii  98  375 
 
  CONCHIFERA  ii  533 
 
   Condylura   ii  190 
 
  Cones  ii  508 
 
   Conger   ii  456 
 
  CONID    ii  508 
 
   Conirostrum   ii  278 
 
   Conognatha   ii  496 
 
   Conophaga   ii  100 
 
  CONOPHAGIN    ii  291 
 
   Conophis   ii  375 
 
   Conopias   ii  101 
 
   Conorhynchus   ii  443 
 
   Conostoma   ii  262 
 
  Continents  distribution of  i  37 
    recent changes of  i  38 
 
  Continental extension in Mesozoic times  i  156 
 
   Contopus   ii  102  291 
 
  CONURID    ii  327 
 
   Conurus   ii  328 
 
   Conus   ii  508 
 
   Copea   ii  416 
 
   Cophoscincus   ii  397 
 
   Copidoglanis   ii  441 
 
   Coptodera   ii  489  492 
 
   Copurus   ii  101 
 
   Copsychus   ii  259 
 
   Coracias   ii  311 
 
  CORACIID    ii  311 
 
   Coracopsis   ii  328 
 
   Corades   ii  471 
 
   Corallus   ii  381 
 
   Corbis   ii  535 
 
   Cordylosaurus   ii  392 
 
   Cordylus   ii  392 
 
   Coregonus   ii  447 
 
   Coriphilus   ii  327 
 
   Coris   ii  437 
 
   Coronella   ii  375 
 
  CORONELLIN    ii  375 
 
   Coronis   ii  481 
 
   Cornufer   ii  419 
 
  CORVID    ii  272 
 
   Corvina   ii  428 
 
   Corvinella   ii  272 
 
   Corvultur   ii  274 
 
   Corvus   European Miocene  i  161 
    ii  274 
 
   Corydalla   ii  290 
 
   Corydon   ii  295 
 
   Corynopoma   ii  445 
 
   Coryphistera   ii  103 
 
   Coryphodon   European Eocene  i  126 
 
   Coryphospingus   ii  284 
 
   Corythaix   ii  307 
 
   Corythopis   ii  100 
 
   Corythornis   ii  316 
 
   Cosmeteira   ii  277 
 
   Cosmetornis   ii  320 
 
  Cosmopolitan groups enumerated  i  175 
 
   Cossypha   ii  256 
 
   Cotinga   ii  102  294 
 
  COTINGID    ii  293 
 
   Cottus   ii  428 
 
   Coturniculus   ii  284 
 
   Coturnix   ii  338 
 
   Cotyle   ii  281 
 
   Coua   ii  309 
 
   Couchia   ii  439 
 
  Coues  Dr   on the blue crow of the Rocky Mountains  ii  128 
 
  Coursers  ii  355 
 
  Cowries  ii  508 
 
  Coypu  ii  238 
 
  CRACID    ii  342 
 
  CRACIN    ii  343 
 
   Cracticus   ii  273 
 
  Cranes  ii  357 
 
  CRANIAD    ii  532 
 
   Cranorrhinus   ii  317 
 
   Craspedocephalus   ii  385 
 
   Craspedopoma   ii  521 
 
   Crateropus   ii  261 
 
   Crax   ii  343 
 
   Creadion   ii  287 
 
   Creagrus   ii  364 
 
   Creagrutus   ii  445 
 
  Creepers  ii  264 
 
   Cremna   ii  475 
 
   Crenicichla   ii  439 
 
   Crenilabrus   ii  437 
 
   Crenuchus   ii  445 
 
   Creurgops   ii  99 
 
   Cricetodon   European Miocene  i  120 
    ii  230 
 
   Cricetomys   ii  230 
 
   Cricetulus   ii  230 
 
   Cricetus   European Pliocene  i  113 
    ii  230 
 
   Cricosoma   ii  476 
 
   Crinia   ii  420 
 
   Criniger   ii  267 
 
   Crithagra   ii  285 
 
   Crocidura   ii  191 
 
  Crocodiles  Eocene  i  165 
    ii  406 
    lines of migration of  ii  548 
 
  Crocodilia  classification of  i  100 
 
  CROCODILIA  ii  405 
    general remarks on the distribution of  ii  406 
    fossil  ii  407 
 
  CROCODILID    ii  406 
 
   Crocodilurus  ii  390 
 
   Crocodilus   ii  406 
 
  Crook billed plovers of New Zealand  i  456 
 
   Crossarchus   ii  195 
 
   Crossochilus   ii  451 
 
   Crossodactylus   ii  419 
 
   Crossoptilon   ii  340 
 
   Crossopus   ii  191 
 
  CROTALID    ii  384 
 
   Crotalophorus   ii  385 
 
   Crotalus   ii  385 
 
  Crotch  Mr   on beetles of the Azores  i  209 
 
   Crotophaga   ii  309 
 
  Crowned pigeon  figure of  i  415 
 
  Crows  ii  273 
 
   Crypsirhina   ii  273 
 
   Cryptoblepharus   ii  395 
 
   Cryptodacus   ii  375 
 
   Cryptoprocta   ii  194 
 
  CRYPTOPROCTID    ii  194 
 
   Cryptopterus   ii  441 
 
   Cryptornis   European Eocene  i  163 
 
   Cryptotis   ii  421 
 
   Crypturus   ii  344 
 
   Ctenodactyla   ii  490 
 
   Ctenodactylus   ii  238 
 
   Ctenolabrus   ii  437 
 
   Ctenomys   S  American Pliocene  i  147 
    ii  238 
 
   Ctenopharyngodon   ii  452 
 
   Ctenopoma   ii  521 
 
   Ctenostoma   ii  486 
 
  Cuba  extinct mammalia of  i  148 
 
   Curculionidium   Oolitic insect  i  167 
 
   Cubina   ii  400 
 
  CUCULID    ii  308 
 
   Cuculus   ii  309 
 
  Cuckoo shrikes  ii  268 
 
  Cuckoos  ii  308 
 
   Culter   ii  453 
 
  Cunningham  Professor  lizard discovered by  in Tierra del Fuego  ii  41 
 
   Cuniculus   ii  230 
 
   Cuphopterus   ii  272 
 
   Cupidonia   ii  339 
 
  Curassows  ii  342 
 
   Cur  us   ii  282 
 
   Curetis   ii  477 
 
   Curimatus   ii  445 
 
   Curruca   ii  259 
 
   Cursoria   ii  382 
 
   Cursorius   ii  355 
 
   Cuscus   ii  252 
 
   Custa   ii  390 
 
   Cutia   ii  266 
 
  Cuttle fish  ii  505 
 
   Cyanecula   ii  259 
 
   Cyanocorax   ii  273 
 
   Cyanomyia   ii  109 
 
   Cyanopica   ii  273 
 
   Cyanoptila   ii  270 
 
   Cyanorhamphus   ii  325 
 
   Cyanospiza   ii  284 
 
   Cyanotis   ii  101 
 
   Cyanurus   ii  273 
 
   Cybernetes   ii  101 
 
   Cychloris   ii  280 
 
   Cychrus   ii  489 
 
  CYCLADID    ii  535 
 
   Cyclas   ii  535 
 
   Cyclocorus   ii  380 
 
   Cycloderma   ii  409 
 
   Cyclodina   ii  397 
 
   Cyclodus   ii  397 
 
   Cyclophis   ii  376 
 
   Cyclophorus   ii  520 
 
   Cyclopterus   ii  430 
 
   Cyclopsitta   ii  326 
 
   Cyclorhamphus   ii  420 
 
   Cyclostoma   Eocene  i  169 
 
  CYCLOSTOMATA  ii  463 
 
  CYCLOSTOMID    ii  520 
 
   Cyclostomus   ii  521 
 
   Cyclothorus   ii  247 
 
   Cyclotopsis   ii  521 
 
   Cyclotus   ii  521 
 
   Cyclusa   ii  401 
 
   Cygnus   ii  363 
 
   Cylindrella   ii  515 
 
   Cylindrophis   ii  373 
 
   Cyllo sepulta   European Cretaceous  i  167 
 
   Cymba   ii  508 
 
   Cymbilanius   ii  104 
 
   Cymbirhynchus   ii  295 
 
   Cymindis   ii  489 
 
   Cyn  lurus   in Brazilian caves  i  144 
    ii  193 
 
   Cynanthus   ii  108 
 
   Cynictis   ii  195 
 
   Cynocephalus   ii  173 
 
   Cynodictis   ii  198 
 
   Cynodon   ii  445 
 
   Cynogale   ii  195 
 
  CYNOPITHECID    ii  172 
 
  Cynopithecus of Celebes  affinities of  i  427 
 
   Cynopithecus   ii  173 
 
   Cynomys   ii  235 
 
   Cyornis   ii  270 
 
   Cyotherium   European Eocene  i  125 
    ii  198 
 
   Cyphogastra   ii  496 
 
   Cyphorhinus   ii  264 
 
  CYPR  ID    ii  508 
 
   Cyprina   ii  535 
 
  CYPRINID    ii  451 
    ii  535 
 
   Cyprinus   ii  451 
 
   Cyprinion   ii  452 
 
   Cyprinodon   ii  450 
 
  CYPRINODONTID    ii  450 
 
  CYPSELID    ii  320 
 
   Cypseloides   ii  320 
 
   Cypselus   ii  320 
 
   Cypsnagra   ii  99 
 
   Cyrena   ii  535 
 
   Cyrestis   ii  474 
 
   Cyrtonotus   ii  489 
 
   Cyrtonyx   ii  339 
 
   Cyrtophis   ii  383 
 
   Cystignathus   ii  420 
 
   Cystophora   ii  204 
 
  D  
 
   Dacelo   ii  316 
 
   Dacnis   ii  278 
 
   Dactylethra   ii  422 
 
  DACTYLETHRID    ii  422 
 
   Dactylomys   ii  239 
 
   Dactylopsila   ii  249 
 
   Dactylozodes   ii  496 
 
   Dafila   ii  363 
 
   Dama   ii  219 
 
   Damias   ii  481 
 
   Damophila   ii  109 
 
  DANAID    ii  470 
 
   Danais   ii  470 
 
   Dangila   ii  451 
 
   Danio   ii  452 
 
   Daptophilus   N  American Tertiary  i  134 
 
  Darters  ii  365 
 
  Darwin  Mr   his explanation of the cause of the abundance of apterous 
      insects in Madeira  i  211 
    on the relation of flowers and insects  i  463 
    amphibia collected by  in S  Temperate America  ii  41 
    mice collected by  in S  Temperate America  ii  37 
    on physical geography of the Galapagos  ii  33 
 
   Dasia   ii  397 
 
   Dasylophus   ii  309 
 
   Dasyopthalma   ii  472 
 
   Dasypeltis   ii  377 
 
  DASYPODID    ii  245 
 
   Dasyprocta   European Miocene  i  121 
    in Brazilian caves  i  144 
    ii  241 
 
   Dasyptilus   ii  329 
 
   Dasypus   in Brazilian caves  i  145 
    S  American Pliocene  i  147 
    ii  246 
 
  DASYURID    ii  249 
 
   Dasyurus   Australian Post Tertiary  i  157 
    ii  249 
 
   Daudebardia   ii  516 
 
  David  P  re  his researches in China and Thibet  i  221  222 
    on birds of N  China  i  226 
 
   Debis   ii  471 
 
  Deer  fossil in N  American Tertiary formations  i  138 
    Pal  arctic  i  182 
    probable cause of absence from tropical Africa  i  291 
    ii  218 
 
   Deilephila   ii  482 
 
   Deltatria   ii  107 
 
   Delma   ii  395 
 
   Deloneura   ii  477 
 
   Delphinapterus   ii  209 
 
  DELPHINID    ii  208 
 
   Delphinus   European Pliocene  i  112 
    ii  209 
 
  DENDRASPIDID    ii  383 
 
   Dendraspis   ii  383 
 
   Dendrexetastes   ii  104 
 
   Dendrochelidon   ii  320 
 
   Dendrocitta   ii  273 
 
   Dendrocolaptes   ii  103 
 
  DENDROCOLAPTID    ii  295 
 
  DENDROCOLAPTIN    ii  295 
 
   Dendrocincla   ii  103 
 
   Dendrocygna   European Miocene  i  162 
    ii  363 
 
   Dendroeca   ii  279 
 
   Dendrohyrax   ii  229 
 
   Dendrolagus   ii  251 
 
   Dendromus   ii  303 
 
   Dendromys   ii  230 
 
   Dendrophila   ii  265 
 
  DENDROPHID    ii  378 
 
   Dendrophis   ii  378 
 
   Dendropicus   ii  303 
 
   Dendroplex   ii  103 
 
   Dendrornis   ii  103 
 
   Dendrortyx   ii  339 
 
   Denisonia   ii  383 
 
  DENTALIAD    ii  512 
 
   Dentalium   ii  512 
    ii  539 
 
   Dentex   ii  426 
 
   Dercas   ii  478 
 
   Dermatemys   ii  408 
 
   Dermatocera   ii  520 
 
   Dermatochelys   ii  409 
 
   Deroptyus   ii  328 
 
   Dermognathus   ii  413 
 
  Desert snakes  ii  377 
 
  Desman of S  Russia  figure of  i  219 
 
   Desmodus   ii  182 
 
   Deudorix   ii  477 
 
   Diadema   ii  474 
 
   Diagramma   ii  426 
 
   Dibamus   ii  372 
 
  DIBRANCHIATA  ii  505 
 
  DIC  ID    ii  277 
 
   Dic  lus   ii  490 
 
   Dic  um   ii  277 
 
   Dicallaneura   ii  475 
 
   Dicamptodon   ii  413 
 
   Diceratherium   N  American Tertiary  i  137 
 
   Dicerca   ii  496 
 
   Dicerobatis   ii  463 
 
   Dichobune   European Eocene  i  126 
 
   Dicotyles   N  American Post Pliocene  i  130 
    N  American Tertiary  i  137 
    in Brazilian caves  i  144 
    S  American Pliocene  i  146 
    birthplace and migrations of  i  155 
    ii  215 
 
   Dicotylin     ii  214 
 
   Dicrocerus   European Miocene  i  120 
    ii  220 
 
   Dicrodon   ii  390 
 
   Dicroglossus   ii  421 
 
   Dicrorrhagia   ii  474 
 
  DICRURID    ii  269 
 
   Dicrurus   ii  269 
 
  DIDELPHYID    ii  248 
 
   Didelphys   European Eocene  i  126 
    N  American Post Pliocene  i  130 
    in Brazilian caves  i  145 
    ii  248 
 
   Didid     i  164 
 
  DIDID    ii  334 
 
   Didocus   ii  417 
 
  DIDUNCULID    ii  333 
 
   Didunculus   ii  334 
 
   Didus   ii  334 
 
   Dieba   ii  197 
 
   Diemenia   ii  383 
 
   Diglossa   ii  278 
 
   Diglossopis   ii  278 
 
   Dilophus   ii  287 
 
   Dilophyrus   ii  402 
 
   Dimodes   ii  377 
 
   Dimylus   ii  190 
 
   Dinictis   ii  194 
 
   Dinoceras   N  American Eocene  i  139 
 
   Dinocerata   N  American Tertiary  i  139 
 
   Dinornis   allied form in European Eocene  i  163 
    of New Zealand and Australia  i  164 
    ii  369 
 
   Dinornithid    of New Zealand  i  164 
 
  DINORNITHID    ii  269 
 
   Dinotherium   Miocene of Greece  i  116 
    European Miocene  i  120 
    Miocene of Perim Island  i  123 
 
   Dinyctis   N  American Tertiary  i  134 
 
   Dinylus   European Miocene  i  117 
 
   Diomedia   ii  365 
 
   Dioplodon   ii  208 
 
   Diorhina   ii  476 
 
   Diphlog  na   ii  108 
 
   Diphylla   ii  182 
 
   Diphyllodes   ii  274 
 
   Diplacodon   N  American Tertiary  i  136 
 
   Diplodactylus   ii  399 
 
   Diploglossus   ii  397 
 
   Diplol  mus   ii  401 
 
   Diplomesodon   ii  191 
 
  DIPLOMMATINID    ii  519 
 
   Diplommatina   ii  520 
 
   Diplomystax   ii  443 
 
   Diplopelma   ii  416 
 
   Diplopoma   ii  521 
 
   Diplopterus   ii  309 
 
  DIPNOI  ii  458 
 
  DIPODID    ii  231 
 
   Dipodomys   ii  233 
 
  Dippers  ii  263 
 
   Diprotodon   Australian Post Tertiary  i  157 
    ii  251 
 
  DIPSADID    ii  379 
 
   Dipsadoboa   ii  379 
 
   Dipsas   ii  379 
 
   Diptychus   ii  452 
 
   Dipus   ii  232 
 
   Dircenna   ii  470 
 
   Discina   ii  539 
 
  DISCINID    ii  532 
 
   Discoboli   ii  430 
 
  DISCOGLOSSID    ii  421 
 
   Discoglossus   ii  421 
 
   Discognathus   ii  451 
 
   Discophora   ii  472 
 
   Discura   ii  107 
 
  Dispersal of animals  i  10 
    of mammalia  i  10 
    of reptiles and amphibia  i  28 
 
   Disteira   ii  384 
 
   Distichodus   ii  445 
 
  Distribution  affected by climate  i  5 
    affected by physical features  i  5 
    contrasts of  in similar climates  i  5 
    similarities of  in diverse climates  i  6 
    barriers as affecting  i  6 
    study of  dependent on a good classification  i  83 
    of animals an adjunct to geology  i  8 
    of animals requires certain preliminary studies  i  8 
    of animals dependent on physical geography  i  35 
    of animals  as affected by the glacial epoch  i  40 
    of animals  as affected by changes of vegetation  i  43 
    of animals  as affected by organic changes  i  44 
    of animals  hypothetical illustration of  i  46 
    of animals  complexity of the causes affecting the  i  49 
    of animals  problems in  i  51 
    of plants  as affected by the glacial epoch  i  42 
 
   Distrigus   ii  490 
 
   Diuca   ii  284 
 
   Diucopis   ii  99 
 
   Diva   ii  98 
 
  Divers  ii  366 
 
   Docimastes   ii  108 
 
  Dodo of Mauritius  i  282 
    ii  334 
 
   Dodona   ii  475 
 
   Dolerisca   ii  107 
 
   Dolichodon   ii  208 
 
   Dolichonyx   ii  282 
 
   Dolichopterus   European Miocene  i  162 
 
   Dolichotis   ii  241 
 
   Doliophis   ii  383 
 
   Dolium   ii  507 
 
   Dommina   N  American Tertiary  i  134 
 
   Donacobius   ii  264 
 
   Donacola   ii  287 
 
   Donacospiza   ii  284 
 
   Doras   ii  443 
 
   Dorcatherium   European Miocene  i  120 
 
   Dorcopsis   ii  251 
 
   Dorcus   ii  493 
 
   Doricha   ii  108 
 
  DORID    ii  530 
 
   Doritis   ii  479 
 
  Dormice  ii  232 
 
   Doryichthys   ii  457 
 
   Doryphora   ii  107 
 
  Douroucoulis  ii  175 
 
   Draco   ii  402 
 
   Dremotherium   Miocene of Greece  i  116 
    European Miocene  i  120 
    ii  218 
 
  DREPANIDID    ii  277 
 
   Drepanis   ii  277 
 
   Drepanornis   ii  275 
    ii  276 
 
  Dresser  Mr  H  E   on northern range of European birds  i  193 
 
   Drimostoma   ii  489 
 
   Drom  us   ii  368 
 
   Dromas   ii  356 
 
   Dromatherium   N  American Triassic  i  134 
    oldest American mammal  i  160 
 
   Dromica   ii  486  487 
 
   Dromicia   ii  252 
 
   Dromicus   ii  375 
 
   Dromius   ii  489 
 
   Dromococcyx   ii  309 
 
   Dromol  a   ii  260 
 
   Dromophis   ii  377 
 
  Drongo shrike  Malayan  figure of  i  340 
    ii  269 
 
  DRYADIN    ii  375 
 
  DRYIOPHID    ii  379 
 
   Dryiophis   ii  379 
 
   Drymocataphus   ii  261 
 
   Drymodes   ii  259 
 
   Drymoeca   ii  257 
 
  DRYMOECIN    ii  257 
 
   Drymomys   ii  230 
 
   Drymornis   ii  103 
 
   Dryocopus   ii  303 
 
   Dryopithecus   European Miocene  i  117 
    ii  178 
 
   Dryospiza   ii  284 
 
   Dryotriorchis   ii  348 
 
   Dubusia   ii  98 
 
  Ducks  ii  363 
 
   Dulus   ii  280 
 
   Dumerilia   ii  408 
 
   Dumetia   ii  261 
 
   Dumeticola   ii  258 
 
  Duncan  Dr   on fossil corals of the Antilles  ii  21 
 
   D Urbania   ii  477 
 
  Dwarf ground snakes  ii  374 
 
   Dynastor   ii  472 
 
   Dyschirus   ii  489 
 
   Dysauxis   ii  481 
 
   Dysithamnus   ii  104 
 
   Dysopes   ii  184 
 
  E  
 
  Eagles  ii  347 
 
  Eared Seals  ii  202 
 
  Ear shells  ii  511 
 
  East Africa  geographical features of  i  258 
    wide range of genera and species over  i  259 
    few special types in  i  260 
 
  East African sub region  description of  i  258 
    genera and species ranging over the whole of  i  259 
    mammalia of  i  260 
    birds of  i  260 
    reptiles of  i  260 
    amphibia and fishes of  i  260 
    insects of  i  260 
    few peculiar types in  i  260 
    illustration of zoology of  i  261 
 
  East Australia  peculiar birds of  i  440 
 
  East Thibet  mammalia of  i  222 
 
  Eaton  Rev   A  E   on insects of Kerguelen Island  i  211 
 
   Eburna   ii  507 
 
   Echidna   ii  254 
 
  ECHIDNID    ii  254 
 
   Echimyid     in Brazilian caves  i  145 
 
  ECHIMYID    ii  238 
 
   Echimys   ii  239 
 
   Echinogale   European Miocene  i  118 
 
   Echinops   ii  188  189 
 
   Echinorhinus   ii  461 
 
   Echiothrix   ii  230 
 
   Echis   ii  386 
 
   Eclectus   ii  326 
 
   Ectognathus   N  American Eocene  i  139 
 
   Ectopistes   ii  332 
 
   Edentata   Miocene of Greece  i  116 
    European Miocene  i  121 
    N  American Post Pliocene  i  130 
    N  American Pliocene  i  140 
    of Brazilian caves  i  145 
    S  American Pliocene  i  147 
 
  Edentata  classification of  i  90 
    probable birthplace of  i  155 
    range of Ethiopian genera of  i  305 
    range of Oriental genus of  i  375 
 
  EDENTATA  ii  244 
    general remarks on the distribution of  ii  247 
    summary and conclusion  ii  543 
 
   Ega   ii  490 
 
   Egerina   ii  397 
 
   Elainea   ii  101  291 
 
  ELAINEIN    ii  291 
 
   Elania   ii  397 
 
   Elanoides   ii  349 
 
   Elanus   ii  349 
 
   Elaphodus   ii  220 
 
   Elaphrus   ii  489 
 
  ELAPID    ii  382 
 
   Elapochrus   ii  375 
 
   Elaps   ii  383 
 
   Elapsoidea   ii  383 
 
   Elasmognathus   ii  212 
 
   Electra   ii  209 
 
  ELEPHANTID    ii  227 
 
  Elephants  fossil  of Indian Miocene  i  123 
    fossil in N  American Post Pliocene formations  i  130 
    birthplace and migrations of  i  155 
    ii  227 
 
  Elephant shrews  S  African  i  267 
    ii  186 
 
   Elephas   Post Pliocene  i  112 
    fossil in N  China  i  123 
    N  American Tertiary  i  138 
    ii  227 
 
   Eliomys   ii  232 
 
  Elliot  Mr   his great work on the birds of paradise  i  415 
    on classification of the birds of paradise  ii  274 
 
   Ellipesurus   ii  463 
 
   Ellipsoglossa   ii  413 
 
   Ellisia   ii  258 
 
   Ellobius   ii  231 
 
   Elminia   ii  271 
 
   Elodina   ii  478 
 
   Elopichthys   ii  453 
 
   Elornis   European Miocene  i  162 
 
   Elosia   ii  419 
 
   Elotherium   N  American Tertiary  i  137  139 
    ii  215  216 
 
   Elseya   ii  408 
 
  Elwes  Mr   on birds of Persia  i  204 
    on true relations of the birds of Central India  i  323 
 
   Elymnias   ii  471 
 
  ELYMNIID    ii  471 
 
  ELSIAD    ii  530 
 
   Embasis   N  American Tertiary  i  134 
 
   Emberiza   ii  285 
 
  EMBERIZIN    ii  285 
 
   Emberizoides   ii  284 
 
   Emblema   ii  287 
 
   Embernagra   ii  284 
 
  EMBROTOCID    ii  438 
 
   Emesis   ii  476 
 
  Emeu  figure of  i  441 
 
  Emeus  ii  368 
 
   Emminia   ii  390 
 
   Empidagra   ii  101 
 
   Empidias   ii  102  291 
 
   Empidochanes   ii  102 
 
   Empidonax   ii  102  291 
 
   Empidonomus   ii  102 
 
   Emyda   ii  409 
 
   Emydida   Indian Miocene  i  123 
 
   Emydocephalus   ii  384 
 
   Emys   Indian Miocene  i  123 
    Miocene and Eocene  i  165 
    ii  408 
 
   Enes   ii  501 
 
   Engystoma   ii  416 
 
  ENGYSTOMID    ii  416 
 
   Enhydrina   ii  384 
 
   Enhydrion   Indian Miocene  i  121 
    ii  200 
 
   Enhydris   ii  199 
 
   Enicurus   ii  263 
 
   Enispe   ii  472 
 
   Enodes   ii  288 
 
   Enophrys   ii  375 
 
   Ensophleus   ii  420 
 
   Entelopes   ii  501 
 
   Entomiza   ii  276 
 
   Entomophila   ii  275 
 
   Enygrus   ii  381 
 
   Eobasileus   N  American Eocene  i  139 
 
  Eocene period  i  124 
    fauna of S  America  i  148 
 
   Eophona   ii  284 
 
   Eopsaltria   ii  271 
 
   Eos   ii  327 
 
   Epalzeorhynchus   ii  451 
 
   Ephemera   from the Lias  i  167 
 
   Ephthianura   ii  260 
 
   Epicalia   ii  474 
 
   Epicrates   ii  381 
 
  EPIMACHIN    ii  275 
 
   Epimachus   ii  275 
 
   Epiodon   ii  208 
 
   Epirhixis   ii  419 
 
   Epitola   ii  477 
 
   Eporeodon   N  American Tertiary  i  138 
 
  EQUID    ii  211 
 
   Equid     European Pliocene  i  112 
    Miocene of Greece  i  115 
    European Eocene  i  125 
 
   Equus   European Pliocene  i  112 
    Post Pliocene  i  112 
    Indian Miocene  i  121 
    N  American Post Pliocene  i  130 
    N  American Tertiary  i  135 
    Brazilian caves  i  144 
    S  American Pliocene  i  146 
    ii  211 
 
   Erebia   ii  471 
 
   Eremias   ii  391 
 
   Eremomela   ii  258 
 
   Eremophilus   ii  444 
 
   Ereptodon   N  American Post Pliocene  i  130 
 
   Eresia   ii  474 
 
   Erethistes   ii  444 
 
   Erethizon   ii  239 
 
   Ereunetes   ii  353 
 
   Ergaticus   ii  279 
 
   Ergolis   ii  474 
 
   Ericulus   ii  188 
 
   Ericymba   ii  452 
 
  ERINACEID    ii  187 
 
   Erinaceus   European Miocene  i  117 
    ii  187 
 
   Eriocnemis   ii  109 
 
   Eriodes   ii  174 
 
   Erismatura   ii  364 
 
   Erithacus   ii  259 
 
   Eroessa   ii  258 
 
   Eronia   ii  478 
 
   Erpornis   ii  267 
 
  ERYCID    ii  381 
 
  ERYCINID    ii  476 
 
   Erynnis   ii  480 
 
   Erythrinus   ii  445 
 
   Erythrocercus   ii  270 
 
   Erythrocnema   ii  347 
 
   Erythrogonys   ii  356 
 
   Erythrolampus   ii  375 
 
   Erythromachus  of Rodriguez  i  164 
    ii  352 
 
   Erythrospiza   ii  285 
 
   Erythrosterna   ii  270 
 
   Erythrura   ii  387 
 
   Eryx   ii  382 
 
  ESOCID    ii  449 
 
   Esox   ii  449 
 
   Esthemopsis   ii  476 
 
   Esthonyx   N  American Eocene  i  139 
 
   Estrilda   ii  286 
 
   Etheria   ii  534 
 
  Ethiopian region should not include any part of India  i  63 
    defined  i  73 
    subdivisions of  i  73 
    general features of  i  251 
    zoological characteristics of  i  252 
    mammalia of  i  253 
    great speciality of  i  253 
    birds of  i  253 
    reptiles of  i  254 
    amphibia of  i  255 
    fresh water fish of  i  255 
    summary of vertebrates of  i  255 
    insects of  i  255 
    coleoptera of  i  256 
    terrestrial mollusca of  i  257 
    sub regions of  i  258 
    Atlantic islands of  i  269 
    the probable past history of  i  285 
    tables of distribution of animals of  i  293 
 
   Euanemus   ii  443 
 
   Eubagis   ii  474 
 
   Eucephala   ii  109 
 
   Euch  tes   ii  98 
 
   Eucometis   ii  99 
 
   Euchromia   ii  481 
 
   Eucichla   ii  298 
 
   Euclyptosternum   ii  443 
 
   Eudromias   ii  356 
 
   Eudynamis   ii  310 
 
   Eudyptes   ii  366 
 
   Eueides   ii  473 
 
   Eugenes   ii  107 
 
   Eugenia   ii  107 
 
   Euhyrax   ii  229 
 
   Eulabeornis   ii  352 
 
   Eulabes   ii  287 
 
   Eulampis   ii  107 
 
   Eum  us   ii  477 
 
   Eumeces   ii  397 
 
   Eumetopias   ii  203 
 
   Eumomota   ii  313 
 
   Eumys   N  American Tertiary  i  140 
    ii  231 
 
   Eumyias   ii  270 
 
   Eunectes   ii  381 
 
   Eunica   ii  474 
 
   Eunogyra   ii  475 
 
   Eupetes   ii  263 
 
   Eupetomena   ii  107 
 
   Euphema   ii  325 
 
   Eupherusa   ii  109 
 
   Euphonia   ii  98 
 
   Euphractus   S  American Pliocene  i  147 
 
   Euphryne   ii  401 
 
   Euphysetes   ii  208 
 
   Eupleres   ii  195 
 
   Euploea   ii  470 
 
  EUPLOCAMIN    ii  340 
 
   Euplocamus   ii  340 
 
   Eupodotis   ii  356 
 
   Euprepes   ii  397 
 
   Eupsychortyx   ii  339 
 
   Euptilotis   ii  314 
 
   Euptychia   ii  471 
 
   Eurinorhynchus   ii  353 
 
   Eurocephalus   ii  272 
 
  Europe  recent changes in physical geography of  i  39 
    Miocene fauna of Central  i  117 
    Miocene fauna of  allied to existing fauna of tropical Asia and Africa  
      i  124 
 
  European sub region  description of  i  191 
    forests of  i  192 
    mammalia of  i  192 
    birds of  i  193 
    reptiles and amphibia of  i  195 
    fresh water fish of  i  196 
    insects of  i  196 
    islands of  i  197 
 
   Eurostopodus   ii  320 
 
   Euryades   ii  479 
 
   Euryapteryx   ii  370 
 
   Euryarthrium   ii  501 
 
   Eurybia   ii  475 
 
  Euryceros of Madagascar  figure of  i  278 
 
   Euryceros   ii  288 
 
   Eurycus   ii  479 
 
   Eurygona   ii  476 
 
  EURYGONID    ii  476 
 
  EURYL  MID    ii  294 
 
   Euryl  mus   ii  295 
 
   Euryodon   in Brazilian caves  i  145 
    ii  246 
 
   Euryphene   ii  474 
 
   Eurypyga   ii  358 
 
  EURYPYGID    ii  358 
 
   Eurystomus   ii  312 
 
   Eurytela   ii  474 
 
   Eurytherium   European Eocene  i  126 
 
   Eurytrichus   ii  490 
 
   Euscarthmus   ii  101 
 
   Euschemon   ii  480 
    ii  481 
 
   Eusemia   ii  482 
 
   Euspiza   ii  285 
 
   Eustephanus   ii  108 
 
   Eustira   ii  453 
 
   Eutatus   S  American Pliocene  i  147 
    ii  246 
 
   Eutelodon   European Eocene  i  126 
 
   Eutemnodus   S  American Eocene  i  148 
 
   Euterpe   ii  285 
 
   Euthyrhynchus   ii  276 
 
   Eutoxeres   ii  107 
 
   Eutriorchis   ii  348 
 
   Eutropia   ii  209 
 
   Eutropiichthys   ii  441 
 
   Eutropius   ii  442 
 
   Eutroplus   ii  438 
 
   Exocetus   ii  449 
 
   Exoglossum   ii  452 
 
   Exostoma   ii  444 
 
  Extinct mammalian fauna of Europe  general considerations on  i  126 
    mammalia of N  America and Europe  comparison of  i  140 
    mammalia of the Antilles  i  148 
    mammalia of the Old and New Worlds  general remarks on  i  148 
    fauna of New Zealand  i  459 
    Amphibia  ii  423 
    Ant eaters  ii  247 
    Armadillos  ii  246 
    Bovid    ii  225 
    Bradypodid    ii  245 
    Camelid    ii  217 
    Camelopardalid    ii  221 
    Canid    ii  197 
    Castorid    ii  234 
    Caviid    ii  241 
    Centetid    ii  189 
    Cercolabid    ii  240 
    Cetacea  ii  209 
    Chinchillid    ii  237 
    Chiroptera  ii  185 
    Crocodiles  ii  407 
    Deer  ii  220 
    Didelphyid    ii  249 
    Dipodid    ii  232 
    Echidnid    ii  254 
    Echimyid    ii  239 
    Elephants  ii  227 
    Equid    ii  211 
    Erinaceid    ii  188 
    Felid    ii  193 
    Hippopotami  ii  214 
    Hy  nas  ii  196 
    Hystricid    ii  240 
    Insectivora  ii  192 
    Lacertilia  ii  404 
    Lagomyid    ii  242 
    Leporid    ii  243 
    Macropodid    ii  251 
    Murid    ii  230 
    Mustelid    ii  199 
    Myoxid    ii  232 
    Octodontid    ii  238 
    Ophidia  ii  387 
    Orycteropodid    ii  246 
    Otariid    ii  203 
    Procyonid    ii  201 
    Quadrumana  ii  178 
    Rallid    ii  252 
    Rhinocerotid    ii  213 
    Sciurid    ii  236 
    Seals  ii  204 
    Sirenia  ii  210 
    Struthionid    ii  369 
    Suid    ii  215 
    Talpid    ii  190 
    Tapirs  ii  212 
    Tortoises  ii  410 
    Tragulid    ii  218 
    Tupaiid    ii  186 
    Ursid    ii  202 
    Viverrid    ii  195 
 
  Extinction of large animals  causes of  i  158 
 
  F  
 
   Falcinellus   ii  360 
 
   Falco   ii  349 
 
  FALCONID    ii  347 
 
  FALCONIN    ii  349 
 
  Falcons  ii  347 
 
   Falculia   ii  228 
 
  Falkland Islands  zoology of  ii  49 
 
  Fanged ground snakes  ii  380 
 
   Farancia   ii  377 
 
  Fauna of Japan  general character and affinities of  i  230 
    of Pal  arctic region  general conclusions as to  i  231 
    extinct  of Madagascar and Mascarene Islands  i  282 
    Malayan  probable origin of  i  359 
    Moluccan  peculiarities of  i  419 
    Timorese  origin of  i  422 
    of Celebes  origin of  i  436 
    of New Zealand  origin of  i  460 
    of Galapagos  origin of  ii  33 
    of Central America  origin of  ii  57 
    of Antilles  origin of  ii  78 
    of Neotropical region  origin of  ii  80 
 
  FELID    ii  192 
 
   Felis   Miocene of Greece  i  115 
    European Miocene  i  118 
    Indian Miocene  i  121 
    N  American Post Pliocene  i  129 
    in Brazilian caves  i  144 
    ii  193 
 
   Felis spel  a   i  110 
 
   Feniseca   ii  477 
 
   Fennecus   ii  197 
 
   Ferania   ii  376 
 
  Fernando Po  zoological features of  i  265 
 
   Feroculus   ii  191 
 
   Fiber   ii  230 
 
   Figulus   ii  493 
 
  Fiji  Tonga  and Samoa Islands  birds of  i  443 
 
  Finches  ii  283 
 
  FIROLID    ii  531 
 
  Fishes  means of dispersal of  i  29 
    classification of  i  101 
    cosmopolitan groups of  i  176 
    of the Pal  arctic region  i  186 
    of the European sub region  i  196 
    of the Mediterranean sub region  i  205 
    of the Manchurian sub region  i  227 
    fresh water  table of Pal  arctic families of  i  227 
    of the Ethiopian region  i  255 
    of South Africa  i  268 
    fresh water  table of Ethiopian families of  i  298 
    fresh water  of the Oriental region  i  318 
    of the Indo Malay sub region  i  341 
    fresh water  table of Oriental families of i  369 
    fresh water  of the Australian region  i  397 
    fresh water  resemblance of Australian and S  American  i  400 
    how the transmission may have taken place  i  401 
    fresh water  of New Zealand  i  457 
    fresh water  table of Neotropical families of  ii  89 
    of Central N  America  ii  131 
    of Eastern United States  ii  134 
    of Canada  ii  137 
    fresh water  table of Nearctic families of  ii  143 
    remarks on the distribution of  ii  464 
    fossil  ii  466 
 
  Fishing hawks  ii  349 
 
  FISSURELLID    ii  511 
 
  FISTULARID    ii  436 
 
   Fitzroya   ii  450 
 
  Flamingoes  European Miocene  i  162 
    ii  361 
 
  Flora  of New Zealand  as influenced by scarcity of insects  i  462 
    fossil of Australia  i  467 
 
  Floras  cretaceous and tertiary  of North America  ii  155 
 
   Florisuga   ii  107 
 
  Flower peckers  ii  277 
 
  Flower  Professor  on classification of mammalia  i  85 
    classification of carnivora  i  87 
 
   Fluvicola   ii  100 
 
  Flycatchers  ii  270 
 
  Flying Lemur  Malayan  figure of  i  337 
    ii  186 
 
  Flying Lizards  ii  401 
 
  Flying Opossum  figure of  i  442 
 
   Fordonia   ii  376 
 
  Forests  essential to existence of many European animals  i  192 
    Siberian  greatest extent of  i  216 
 
  FORMICARIID    ii  297 
 
  FORMICARIIN    ii  298 
 
   Formicarius   ii  104 
 
   Formicivora   ii  104 
 
  FORMICIVORIN    ii  297 
 
  Formosa  zoology of  i  332 
 
   Fossa   ii  195 
 
   Foudia   ii  286 
 
   Francolinus   ii  338 
 
   Fraseria   ii  272 
 
   Fratercula   ii  367 
 
   Fregetta   ii  365 
 
   Fregilupus   ii  288 
 
   Fregilus   ii  274 
 
  Fresh water fishes  Neotropical  ii  12 
    of S  Temperate America  ii  42 
    of the Mexican sub region  ii  54 
    of the Antilles  ii  73 
    of the Nearctic region  ii  120 
    of California  ii  128 
    summary and conclusion  ii  549 
 
  Fresh water mussels  ii  534 
    shell  the most Arctic  ii  518 
    snakes  ii  376 
    snails  ii  518 
 
   Fringilla   ii  283 
 
   Fringillaria   ii  285 
 
   Fringillauda   ii  282 
 
  FRINGILLID    ii  284 
 
  Frog mouths  ii  318 
 
  Frogs  ii  420 
 
   Fulica   ii  352 
 
   Fuligula   ii  364 
 
   Fulmarus   ii  365 
 
   Fundulus   ii  450 
 
  FURNARIIN    ii  295 
 
   Furnarius   ii  103 
 
   Fusus   ii  507 
 
  G  
 
  GADID    ii  439 
 
  GADOPSID    ii  439 
 
   Gadus   ii  439 
 
   Galago   ii  177 
 
  Galapagos  scarcity of insects in  i  463 
 
  Galapagos islands  ii  29 
    mammalia of  ii  29 
    birds of  ii  30 
    reptiles of  ii  32 
    insects of  ii  33 
    land shells of  ii  33 
    conclusions as to the origin of their fauna  ii  33 
 
   Galatea   ii  536 
 
   Galaxias   ii  448 
 
  GALAXID    ii  448 
 
   Galbalcyrhynchus   ii  311 
 
   Galbula   ii  311 
 
  GALBULID    ii  311 
 
   Galecynus   in European Pliocene  i  112 
    ii  198 
 
   Galeichthys   ii  443 
 
  GALEOPITHECID    ii  186 
 
   Galeoscoptes   ii  256 
 
   Galeospalax   European Miocene  i  118 
    ii  190 
 
   Galeotherium   Post Pliocene  i  111 
 
   Galera   N  American Post Pliocene  i  130 
 
   Galerella   ii  195 
 
   Galerita   ii  289 
    ii  490 
 
   Galerix   ii  188 
 
   Galethylax   European Eocene  i  125 
    ii  198 
 
   Galeus   ii  460 
 
   Galictis   in Brazilian caves  i  144 
    ii  199 
 
   Galidia   ii  195 
 
   Galidictis   ii  195 
 
  Gallin    classification of  i  96 
    range of Pal  arctic genera of  i  248 
    range of Ethiopian genera of  i  311 
    range of Oriental genera of  i  384 
    range of Australian genera of  i  485 
 
  GALLIN    ii  337 
    ii  340 
    general remarks on the distribution of  ii  344 
 
   Gallinago   ii  353 
 
   Gallinula   ii  352 
 
   Gallus   Miocene of Greece  i  116 
    ii  340 
 
   Gallus bravardi   European Pliocene  i  161 
 
   Galogale   ii  195 
 
   Gambusia   ii  450 
 
   Gampsonyx   ii  349 
 
   Gampsorhynchus   ii  261 
 
  Gannets  ii  365 
 
  GANOIDEI  ii  458 
 
  Gape eyed Scinks  ii  395 
 
  Gar fish  ii  459 
 
  Garrod  Professor  on the Classification of Parrots  ii  324 
 
   Garrulax   ii  261 
 
   Garrulus   ii  273 
 
  GASTEROPODA  ii  507 
 
  GASTEROSTEID    ii  424 
 
   Gasterosteus   ii  424 
 
   Gastornis   European Eocene  i  163 
 
  GASTROCH  NID    ii  537 
 
   Gastropelecus   ii  445 
 
  GAVIALID    ii  405 
 
   Gavialis   ii  405 
 
  Gavials  ii  405 
 
   Gazella   ii  223 
 
  GAZELLIN    ii  223 
 
   Gazera   ii  481 
 
   Gecinulus   ii  303 
 
   Gecinus   ii  303 
 
   Gecko   ii  399 
 
  GECKOTID    ii  399 
 
  Geese  ii  363 
 
   Gehyra   ii  400 
 
  Genera common to Post Pliocene and Pliocene faunas of N  America  i  132 
 
   Genetta   ii  195 
 
   Genidens   ii  443 
 
   Geobates   ii  103 
 
   Geobiastes   ii  312 
 
   Geocichla   ii  256 
 
   Geococcyx   ii  309 
 
   Geocolaptes   ii  304 
 
  GEODEPHAGA  ii  486 
 
   Geoffroyus   ii  326 
 
  Geographical zoology  introduction  ii  167 
    materials for  ii  168 
 
  Geological history of Oriental region  i  362 
 
  Geology and Physical Geography of the Antilles  ii  62  79 
 
   Geomelania   ii  519 
 
   Geomys   ii  233 
 
   Geopelia   ii  332 
 
   Geophaps   ii  333 
 
   Geophagus   ii  439 
 
   Geopsittacus   ii  325 
 
   Georissa   ii  522 
 
   Georychus   ii  231 
 
   Geositta   ii  103 
 
   Geospiza   ii  284 
 
   Geothlypis   ii  279 
 
   Geotrochus   ii  523 
 
   Geotryon   ii  333 
 
   Geotrypus   ii  190 
 
   Geranospiza   ii  347 
 
   Gerbillus   ii  230 
    ii  232 
 
   Geronticus   ii  360 
 
   Gerrhonotus   ii  392 
 
   Gerrhosaurus   ii  392 
 
  GERRID    ii  438 
 
   Gervasia   ii  260 
 
   Gerygone   ii  258 
 
  Giant Clams  ii  534 
 
  Gibbon  ii  171 
 
  Gibraltar  cave fauna of  i  114 
 
  Giraffes  ii  221 
 
   Girardinus   ii  450 
 
  Glacial epoch  as affecting the distribution of animals  i  40 
    as a cause of the great change in the  fauna of the temperate zones  
      since Pliocene times  i  151 
    probably simultaneous in both hemispheres  i  151 
    causing a general subsidence of the ocean  i  152 
 
   Glandina   Eocene  i  169 
    ii  515 
 
   Glareola   ii  355 
 
  GLAREOLID    ii  355 
 
   Glaucis   ii  107 
 
   Glaucidium   ii  350 
 
   Glauconeza   ii  536 
 
   Glaucopis   ii  481 
 
   Gliciphila   ii  275 
 
   Glis   ii  232 
 
   Globiocephalus   ii  209 
 
   Glossoptila   ii  278 
 
   Glossotherium   in Brazilian caves  i  145 
    S  American Pliocene  i  147 
    ii  247 
 
   Glycimeris   ii  536 
 
   Glyphidodon   ii  437 
 
   Glyphoglossus   ii  416 
 
   Glyphorhynchus   ii  103 
 
   Glyptodon   S  American Pliocene  i  147 
 
   Glyptosternum   ii  443 
 
   Gnaphodes   ii  471 
 
   Gnathodon   ii  536 
 
   Gnathopsis   S  American Pliocene  i  147 
 
  Goats  Pal  arctic  i  182 
    ii  221 
 
  Goat suckers  ii  519 
 
  GOBIESOCID    ii  436 
 
  GOBIID    ii  430 
 
   Gobio   ii  452 
 
   Gobius   ii  430 
 
  Godman  Mr   on Natural History of the Azores  i  207 
 
  Golden Moles  S  African  i  267 
 
   Goliathi   ii  494 
 
   Gonepteryx   ii  478 
 
   Goniodactylus   ii  400 
 
   Gongylophis   ii  382 
 
   Gonorhynchid     ii  453 
 
   Gonyocephalus   ii  402 
 
   Gonyosoma   ii  379 
 
   Gouldia   ii  107 
 
   Goura   ii  333 
 
   Graculavus   N  American Cretaceous  i  164 
 
  Grall    arrangement of  i  97 
    peculiar or characteristic Pal  arctic genera  i  249 
    peculiar Ethiopian genera of  i  31 
    peculiar Oriental genera of  i  386 
    peculiar Australian genera of  i  484 
 
  GRALL    ii  351 
    general remarks on the distribution of  ii  362 
 
   Grallaria   ii  104 
 
   Grallaricula   ii  104 
 
   Grallina   ii  273 
 
   Grammatophorus   ii  402 
 
   Grammatoptila   ii  261 
 
   Grampus   ii  209 
 
   Granatellus   ii  279 
 
   Grandala   ii  259 
 
   Graphidurus   ii  232 
 
   Graphipterus   ii  491 
 
   Graucalus   ii  268 
 
  Gray  Dr  J  E   on classification of Cetacea  i  88 
 
   Grayia   ii  376 
 
  Grayson  Col  on birds of Tres Marias  ii  59 
 
  Grebes  ii  367 
 
  Greece  Upper Miocene deposits of  i  115 
    summary of Miocene fauna of  i  116 
 
  Green Bulbuls  ii  267 
 
  Greenland  zoology of  ii  138 
 
  Greenlets  ii  280 
 
  Groups peculiar to a region  how defined  ii  184 
 
  Grouse  ii  328 
 
  GRUID    ii  356 
 
   Grus   ii  357 
 
   Grypsicus   ii  421 
 
   Grypus   ii  107 
 
  Guacharo  ii  107 
 
  Guans  ii  342 
 
  Guaraunas  ii  357 
 
   Gubernatrix   ii  285 
 
   Guillemots   ii  267 
 
   Guira   ii  309 
 
   Guiraca   ii  285 
 
  Gulick  Rev  J  T   on Achatinellid   of the Sandwich Islands  i  446 
 
  Gulls  ii  364 
 
   Gulo   ii  199 
 
  G  nther  Dr   his classification of reptiles  i  98 
    his classification of fishes  i  101 
    on gigantic tortoises of Galapagos and the Mascarene Islands  i  289 
    on range of Indian reptiles in the Himalayas  i  329 
    on identical Atlantiic and Pacific fishes  ii  21 
    on fresh water fishes of Central America  ii  54 
 
   Gygis   ii  365 
 
  GYMNARCHID    ii  449 
 
   Gymnarchus   ii  449 
 
  GYMNETIN    ii  494 
 
   Gymnobucco   ii  306 
 
   Gymnocephalus   ii  103 
 
   Gymnocichla   ii  104 
 
   Gymnocorvus   ii  274 
 
   Gymnocypris   ii  452 
 
   Gymnodactylus   ii  400 
 
  GYMNODERIN    ii  293 
 
   Gymnoderus   ii  103 
 
  GYMNODONTES  ii  457 
 
   Gymnoglaux   ii  350 
 
   Gymnokitta   ii  273 
 
   Gymnomystax   ii  282 
 
   Gymnopelia   ii  333 
 
   Gymnops   ii  287 
 
  GYMNOPHTHALMID    ii  395 
 
   Gymnophthalmus   ii  395 
 
   Gymnopus   ii  199 
 
   Gymnorhina   ii  273 
 
   Gymnostomus   ii  451 
 
  GYMNOTID    ii  455 
 
   Gymnotus   ii  455 
 
   Gymnura   ii  188 
 
   Gypa  tus   ii  348 
 
   Gypohierax   ii  348 
 
   Gypoictinia   ii  349 
 
   Gyps   ii  346 
 
  H  
 
  Haast  Dr   on extinct birds of New Zealand  i  460 
 
  Habitat  definition of  i  4 
 
   Habrocomus   ii  238 
 
   Habroptila   ii  352 
 
   Habrura   ii  101 
 
   Hadrostomus   ii  102  293 
 
   H  matoderus   ii  103 
 
   H  matopus   ii  356 
 
   H  matospiza   ii  285 
 
   H  mophila   ii  284 
 
   H  mulon   ii  426 
 
   H  tera   ii  471 
 
   Hagria   ii  397 
 
  Hainan  zoology of  i  334 
 
   Halcyon   ii  316 
 
   Halcyornis   European Eocene  i  103 
 
   Halicyon   ii  204 
 
   Hali  etus   ii  348 
 
   Haliastur   ii  348 
 
   Halich  rus   ii  204 
 
   Halicore   ii  210 
 
  HALIOTID    ii  511 
 
   Halitherium   European Pliocene  i  112 
    European Miocene  i  119 
    ii  211 
 
   Halmaturus   ii  251 
 
  HALOSAURID    ii  455 
 
   Halys   ii  385 
 
   Hamadryas   ii  470 
 
  Hang nests  ii  281 
 
   Hapale   ii  176 
    ii  178 
 
   Hapalemur   ii  176 
 
  HAPALID    ii  175 
 
   Hapalotis   ii  230 
 
   Hapalus   ii  524 
 
   Haplocerus   ii  374 
 
   Haplochilus   ii  450 
 
   Haplochiton   ii  446 
 
  HAPLOCHITONID    ii  446 
 
   Haplodactylus   ii  427 
 
   Haploodon   ii  236 
 
  HAPLOODONTID    ii  236 
 
   Haplospiza   ii  284 
 
   Hapsidrophis   ii  379 
 
   Harelda   ii  364 
 
  Hares  ii  242 
 
   Harma   ii  474 
 
   Harpa   ii  349 
    ii  507 
 
   Harpactes   ii  314 
 
   Harpagus   ii  349 
 
   Harpalus   ii  489 
 
   Harporhynchus   ii  256 
 
   Harpyhali  etus   ii  348 
 
   Hartlaubius   ii  288 
 
   Hathliodes   ii  502 
 
  Hatteria of New Zealand  i  456 
 
   Hatteria   ii  405 
 
  Hawks  ii  347 
 
  Hedgehogs  ii  187 
 
   Hedymeles   ii  285 
 
   Helarctos   ii  202 
 
   Helcyra   ii  474 
 
   Heleothreptus   ii  320 
 
   Heliactin   ii  108 
 
   Heliangelus   ii  108 
 
   Helianthea   ii  108 
 
   Heliastes   ii  437 
 
  HELICID    ii  512 
 
   Helicina   ii  522 
 
  HELICONID    ii  473 
    ii  522 
 
   Heliconius   ii  473 
 
   Helicophagus   ii  442 
 
   Helicops   ii  377 
 
  Helictis  Himalayan  figure of  i  331 
 
   Helictis   ii  199 
 
   Heliobletus   ii  103 
 
   Helioch  ra   ii  102 
 
   Heliodoxa   ii  107 
 
   Heliomastes   ii  108 
 
   Heliop  dica   ii  107 
 
   Heliophobus   ii  231 
 
   Helioporus   ii  417 
 
   Heliornis   ii  352 
 
   Heliothrix   ii  108 
 
   Heliotrypha   ii  108 
 
   Helix   Eocene  i  169 
    ii  513 
 
   Helladotherium   Miocene of Greece  i  116 
    European Miocene  i  120 
    ii  221 
 
   Helluomorpha   ii  490 
 
   Helmintherus   ii  279 
 
   Helminthophaga   ii  279 
 
   Heloderma   ii  390 
 
  HELODERMID    ii  390 
 
   Helodromas   ii  353 
 
   Helogale   ii  195 
 
   Helogenes   ii  442 
 
  HELORNITHIN    ii  352 
 
   Helotarsus   ii  348 
 
   Hemibos   Indian Miocene  i  122 
    ii  225 
 
   Hemicentetes   ii  188 
 
   Hemicercus   ii  303 
 
   Hemichelidon   ii  290 
 
   Hemichromis   ii  438 
 
   Hemicyon   European Miocene  i  118 
    ii  198 
 
   Hemidacnis   ii  278 
 
   Hemidactylium   ii  413 
 
   Hemidactylus   ii  399 
 
   Hemierges   ii  397 
 
   Hemigalea   ii  195 
 
   Hemignathus   ii  277 
 
   Hemimantis   ii  419 
 
   Hemiodus   ii  445 
 
   Hemiphractus   ii  420 
 
   Hemipimelodus   ii  443 
 
   Hemiprocne   ii  320 
 
   Hemipus   ii  270 
 
   Hemirhamphus   ii  450 
 
   Hemisilurus   ii  442 
 
   Hemisorubim   ii  442 
 
   Hemistilbon   ii  109 
 
   Hemisus   ii  414 
 
   Hemitriccus   ii  101 
 
   Hemixus   ii  267 
 
   Henicognathus   ii  328 
 
   Henicopernis   ii  349 
 
   Henicophaps   ii  333 
 
   Henicorhina   ii  264 
 
   Henicornis   ii  103 
 
   Heptapterus   ii  444 
 
   Heredia   ii  413 
 
  Herons  ii  359 
 
   Heros   ii  438 
 
   Herpestes   ii  195 
 
   Herpetethiops   ii  376 
 
   Herpetodryas   ii  376 
 
   Herpeton   ii  376 
 
   Herpetoreas   ii  375 
 
   Herpetotheres   ii  348 
 
   Herpetotherium   N  American Tertiary  i  134 
 
   Herpsilochmus   ii  104 
 
  Herring  ii  454 
 
   Hesperia   ii  480 
 
  HESPERID    ii  480 
 
   Hesperomys   N  American Tertiary  i  140 
    in Brazilian caves  i  145 
    S  American Pliocene  i  147 
    ii  230  231 
 
   Hesperornis   N  American Cretaceous  i  164 
 
   Hestia   ii  470 
 
   Hestima   ii  501 
 
   Heterobranchus   ii  441 
 
   Heterocephalus   ii  231 
 
   Heterocercus   ii  102 
 
   Heterochroa   ii  474 
 
   Heterocnemis   ii  104 
 
   Heterocorys   ii  289 
 
   Heterodactylus   ii  393 
 
   Heterodon   in Brazilian caves  i  145 
    ii  246 
    ii  376 
 
   Heterogynis   ii  481 
 
   Heterolocha   ii  287 
 
   Heteromorpha   ii  262 
 
   Heteromys   ii  233 
 
   Heteronota   ii  400 
 
   Heteronympha   ii  471 
 
   Heteropelma   ii  102  292 
 
   Heteropus   ii  397 
 
  HETEROPYGII  ii  450 
 
   Heterospizias   ii  348 
 
   Heterotis   ii  454 
 
   Heterura   ii  290 
 
   Hewitsonia   ii  477 
 
   Hexagonia   ii  491 
 
   Hexaprotodon   Indian Miocene  i  122 
 
  Hickman  Mr  John  on a cause of the extinction of large animals  i  158 
 
   Hieracidea   ii  349 
 
   Hierax   ii  349 
 
   Hierococcyx   ii  310 
 
   Hierofalco   ii  349 
 
  Hill Tits  ii  266 
 
  Himalayas  altitude reached by various groups in the  i  329  333 
 
   Himantornis   ii  352 
 
   Himantopus   ii  353 
 
   Hinulia   ii  397 
 
   Hipistes   ii  376 
 
   Hipparchia   ii  471 
 
   Hipparion   European Pliocene  i  112 
    Miocene of Greece  i  115 
    European Miocene  i  119 
    N  American Post Pliocene  i  130 
    N  American Tertiary  i  135 
    ii  211 
 
   Hippocampus   ii  457 
 
   Hippoglossoides   ii  441 
 
   Hippoglossus   ii  441 
 
  HIPPOPOTAMID    ii  214 
 
   Hippopotamus   Post Pliocene  i  112 
    European Pliocene  i  113 
    Indian Pliocene  i  122 
    ii  214 
 
   Hipposyus   N  American Tertiary  i  133 
 
   Hippotherium   European Miocene  i  119 
    Indian Miocene  i  122 
 
  HIPPOTRAGIN    ii  223 
 
   Hippotragus   European Miocene  i  120 
    ii  223 
 
  HIPPURITID    ii  534 
 
   Hirundinea   ii  101 
 
  HIRUNDINID    ii  280 
 
   Hirundo   ii  281 
 
   Hoazin   ii  345 
 
   Holocanthus   ii  427 
 
   Holbrookia   ii  401 
 
   Holochilus   ii  230 
 
   Hologerrhum   ii  379 
 
  HOLOSTEI  ii  458 
 
   Holurophis   ii  380 
 
   Homalodontotherium   S  American Pliocene  i  146 
 
   Homalophis   ii  376 
 
   Homalophus   European Miocene  i  161 
 
  HOMALOPSID    ii  376 
 
   Homalopsis   ii  376 
 
   Homaloptera   ii  453 
 
   Homalosoma   ii  490 
 
   Hombronia   ii  397 
 
   Homocamelus   N  American Tertiary  i  138 
    ii  217 
 
   Homorus   ii  103 
    ii  524 
 
  Honey guides  ii  304 
 
  Honeysuckers  birds specially adapted to Australia  i  392 
    ii  275 
 
  Hooker  Dr   on deficiency of odours in New Zealand plants  i  464 
 
  Hoopoes  ii  317 
 
   Hopladelus   ii  442 
 
  HOPLEGNATHID    ii  433 
 
   Hoplobatrachus   ii  421 
 
  HOPLOCEPHALA  ii  460 
 
   Hoplocephalus   ii  383 
 
   Hoplocetus   European Pliocene  i  112 
 
   Hoplophoneus   N  American Tertiary  i  134 
 
   Hoplophorus   ii  246 
 
   Hoplopterus   ii  356 
 
   Horites   ii  258 
 
  Hornbills  ii  316 
 
  Horses  fossil  in Indian Miocene  i  121 
    perfect series of ancestral  in N  America  i  136 
    probable birthplace of  i  154 
    ii  211 
 
  Horse shoe bats  ii  182 
 
   Hortulia   ii  381 
 
  Howling monkeys  ii  175 
 
  Hudson  Mr   on land birds of Patagonia  ii  39 
 
  Humming birds  ii  321 
 
   Huro   ii  425 
 
  Hutton  Capt  F  W   on origin of New Zealand fauna  i  461 
 
  Huxley  Professor  on zoological regions  i  59 
    division of animal kingdom by  i  85 
 
   Hyades   ii  472 
 
   Hy  na   Post Pliocene  i  112 
    Miocene of Greece  i  115 
    European Miocene  i  118 
    Indian Miocene  i  121 
    fossil in N  China  i  123 
    ii  196 
 
   Hy  narctos  in European Pliocene  i  112 
    European Miocene  i  118 
    Indian Miocene  i  121 
    S  American Pliocene  i  146 
 
   Hy  nictis   Miocene of Greece  i  115 
    European Miocene  i  118 
    ii  196 
 
   Hy  nid     European Miocene  i  118 
 
  HY  NID    ii  196 
 
   Hy  nodon   European Miocene  i  118 
    European Eocene  i  125 
    N  American Tertiary  i  134 
 
   Hy  nodontid     European Miocene  i  118 
 
  HYALEID    ii  531 
 
   Hyalimax   ii  517 
 
   Hyalina   ii  515 
 
   Hyalosaurus   ii  392 
 
   Hyantis   ii  472 
 
   Hybocystis   ii  520 
 
   Hyborhynchus   ii  452 
 
   Hydrocena   ii  521 
 
   Hydrochelidon   ii  364 
 
   Hydrochoerus   N  American Post Pliocene  i  130 
 
   Hydrochoerus   ii  241 
 
   Hydrocissa   ii  317 
 
   Hydrocyon   ii  445 
 
   Hydrogale   ii  199 
 
   Hydromedusa   ii  408 
 
   Hydromys   ii  230 
 
   Hydrophasianus   ii  355 
 
  HYDROPHID    ii  384 
 
   Hydrophis   ii  384 
 
   Hydropotes   ii  219 
 
   Hydropsalis   ii  319 
 
   Hydrornis   European Miocene  i  162 
    ii  298 
 
   Hydrosaurus   ii  389 
 
   Hyetornis   ii  309 
 
   Hygrogonus   ii  439 
 
   Hyla   ii  418 
 
   Hylactes   ii  297 
 
   Hylambates   ii  419 
 
   Hylaplesia   ii  415 
 
  HYLAPLESID    ii  414 
 
   Hylarana   ii  419 
 
   Hylatomus   ii  303 
 
   Hylella   ii  418 
 
  HYLID    ii  418 
 
   Hyliota   ii  270 
 
   Hylobates   ii  171 
 
   Hylocharis   ii  109 
    ii  271 
 
   Hylodes   ii  419 
 
   Hylomanes   ii  313 
 
   Hylomys   ii  186 
 
   Hylophilus   ii  280 
 
   Hylorhina   ii  420 
 
   Hylotrupes   ii  502 
 
   Hyloxalus   ii  419 
 
   Hymenolaimus   ii  364 
 
  HYODONTID    ii  453 
 
   Hyohippus   N  American Tertiary  i  135 
 
   Hyomoschus   European Miocene  i  120 
    ii  218 
 
   Hyopicus   ii  303 
 
   Hyopotamus   European Miocene  i  119 
    N  American Tertiary  i  137 
    ii  216 
 
   Hyopsodus   N  American Tertiary  i  133 
 
   Hyotherium   European Miocene  i  119 
    ii  215 
 
   Hypargos   ii  287 
 
   Hyperantha   ii  496 
 
   Hypergerus   ii  261 
 
   Hypermnestra   ii  479 
 
   Hyperodapedon   ii  405 
 
   Hyperolius   ii  417 
 
   Hyperoodon   ii  208 
 
  HYPEROODONTID    ii  208 
 
   Hyperopsius   ii  448 
 
   Hypertragulus   N  American Tertiary  i  138 
 
   Hyphantornis   ii  286 
 
   Hypherpes   ii  265 
 
   Hypisodus   N  American Tertiary  i  138 
 
   Hypna   ii  474 
 
   Hypnale   ii  385 
 
   Hypochera   ii  287 
 
   Hypochrysops   ii  477 
 
   Hypocista   ii  471 
 
   Hypocnemis   ii  104 
 
   Hypocolius   ii  272 
 
   Hypodes   ii  272 
 
   Hypogeomys   ii  230 
 
   Hypolais   ii  258 
 
   Hypolithus   ii  491 
 
   Hypolyc  na   ii  477 
 
   Hypomesus   ii  477 
 
   Hypopachus   ii  416 
 
   Hypophthalmichthys   ii  453 
 
   Hypophthalmus   ii  442 
 
   Hypopyrrhus   ii  282 
 
   Hyporissus   ii  190 
 
   Hypothymis   ii  271 
 
   Hypoxanthus   ii  304 
 
   Hypsipetes   ii  267 
 
   Hypsiprymnus   Australian Post Tertiary  i  157 
    ii  251 
 
   Hypsirhina   ii  376 
 
   Hypsirhynchus   ii  375 
 
   Hyrachyus   N  American Tertiary  i  136 
 
  HYRACID    ii  228 
 
   Hyracodon   N  American Tertiary  i  136 
    ii  214 
    ii  248 
 
   Hyracoidea   classification of  i  90 
    Pal  arctic  i  242 
    Ethiopian  i  304 
 
  HYRACOIDEA  ii  228 
 
   Hyracotherium   supposed  in European Eocene  i  125 
    European Eocene  i  126 
    ii  216 
    ii  229 
 
   Hyrax   ii  228 
 
  HYSTRICID    ii  240 
 
   Hystricodon   ii  445 
 
   Hystrix   European Pliocene  i  113 
    Miocene of Greece  i  116 
    N  American Tertiary  i  140 
    ii  240 
 
  I  
 
   Ialmenus   ii  477 
 
   Ianthoenas   ii  332 
 
   Ianthina   ii  511 
 
   Ibidipodia   European Miocene  i  162 
 
   Ibidorhynchus   ii  353 
 
  Ibidorhynchus  figure of  i  331 
 
   Ibis   ii  360 
 
  Ibises  ii  360 
 
   Ibycter   ii  347 
 
  Iceland  zoology of  i  198 
 
   Ichneumia   ii  195 
 
   Ichthyoborus   ii  445 
 
   Ichthyopsis   ii  411 
 
   Icteria   ii  279 
 
  ICTERID    ii  281 
 
   Icterus   ii  282 
 
   Icthyornis   N  American Cretaceous  i  164 
 
   Icticyon  in Brazilian caves  i  144 
    ii  197 
 
   Ictinia   ii  349 
 
   Ictitherium   Miocene of Greece  i  115 
    European Miocene  i  118 
    ii  195 
    ii  197 
 
   Ictonyx   ii  199 
 
   Ictops   N  American Tertiary  i  133 
 
   Ideopsis   ii  470 
 
   Idmais   ii  478 
 
   Iguana   ii  401 
 
  Iguanas  ii  400 
 
  IGUANID    ii  400 
 
   Ilerda   ii  477 
 
   Ilicura   ii  102 
 
  India  Miocene fauna of  allied to that of Europe  i  123 
    geological features of  i  328 
 
  Indian sub region  description of  i  321 
    supposed relation to Ethiopian region  i  321 
    mammalia of  i  322 
    birds of  i  323 
    reptiles and amphibia of  i  326 
 
   Indicator   ii  304 
 
  INDICATORID    ii  304 
 
  Indo Chinese sub region  description of  i  329 
    zoological characteristics of  i  330 
    illustration of  i  331 
    reptiles of  i  331 
    amphibia of  i  331 
    insects of  i  332 
    islands belonging to  i  333 
 
  Indo Malayan sub region  description of  i  334 
    mammalia of  i  336 
    illustrations of  i  336  339 
    birds of  i  337 
    remote geographical relations of  i  339 
    reptiles and amphibia of  i  340 
    fishes of  i  341 
    insects of  i  341 
    coleoptera of  i  342 
    terrestrial mollusca of  i  343 
    zoological relations of islands of  i  345 
    recent geographical changes in  i  357 
    probable origin of fauna of  i  359 
 
   Inia   ii  209 
 
   Insectivora   European Miocene  i  117 
    N  American Post Pliocene  i  129 
    N  American Tertiary  i  133 
 
  Insectivora  classification of  i  87 
    of the Pal  arctic region  i  181 
    of N  China and E  Thibet  i  222 
    range of Pal  arctic genera of  i  239 
    of Madagascar  i  273 
    range of Ethiopian genera of  i  301 
    of the Oriental region  i  315 
    range of Oriental genera of  i  372 
    range of Australian genera of  i  476 
 
  INSECTIVORA  ii  186 
    general remarks on the distribution of  ii  191 
    summary and conclusion  ii  541 
 
  Insects  means of dispersal of  i  32 
    tenacity of life of  i  33 
    adapted to special conditions  i  33 
    groups selected for the study of their geographical distribution  i  
      102 
    antiquity of the genera of  i  166 
    fossil of European Miocene  i  166 
    European Cretaceous  i  167 
    European Wealden  i  167 
    Pal  ozoic  i  168 
    Pal  arctic  i  187 
    of Central Europe  i  196 
    of the Mediterranean sub region  i  205 
    of the Siberian sub region  i  220 
    of the Manchurian sub region  i  227 
    of the Ethiopian region  i  255 
    of the E  African sub region  i  260 
    of W  African  i  265 
    S  African  i  268 
    of Madagascar  i  282 
    general remarks on  i  284 
    of tropical Africa and America  probable cause of similarities in  i  
      291 
    of Indo Chinese sub region  i  332 
    of the Oriental region  i  318 
    of Ceylon  i  327 
    of Indo Malay sub region  i  341 
    statistics of collecting in the various islands of the Malay 
      Archipelago  i  343 
    of the Australian region  i  403 
    of New Guinea  i  417 
    of the Moluccas  i  420 
    of the Timor group  i  426 
    of Celebes  i  454 
    of New Zealand  i  458 
    scarcity of  in New Zealand  i  462 
    influence of  on the flora  i  463 
    of the Neotropical region  ii  13 
    of S  Temperate America  ii  42 
    of S  Temperate America  Pal  arctic affinity of  ii  45 
    of the Mexican sub region  ii  55 
    of the Antilles  ii  73 
    of the Nearctic region  ii  122 
    of Canada  ii  137 
    distribution of  ii  468 
    range of  in time  ii  469 
    summary and conclusion  ii  550 
    lines of migration of  ii  551 
 
   Iodopleura   ii  102 
 
   Iol  ma   ii  107 
 
   Iolaus   ii  477 
 
   Iole   ii  267 
 
   Iora   ii  267 
 
   Iphias   ii  478 
    ii  394 
 
  IPHISAD    ii  394 
 
   Irena   ii  269 
 
   Iridina   ii  534 
 
   Iridornis   ii  98 
 
   Irrisor   ii  318 
 
  IRRISORID    ii  318 
 
   Isacis   N  American Tertiary  i  133 
 
   Ischcognathus   ii  375 
 
   Ischyromys   N  American Tertiary  i  140 
    ii  236 
 
  Islands  N  European  zoology of  i  197 
    of the Mediterranean sub region  i  206 
    of the W  African sub region  i  265 
    of the Ethiopian region  i  269 
    Mascarene  i  280 
    of the Indo Chinese sub region  i  333 
    of the Indo Malay sub region  i  345 
    Fiji  Tonga  and Samoa  i  443 
    Society and Marquesas  i  444 
    New Caledonia and New Hebrides  i  445 
    Sandwich  i  446 
    of New Zealand sub region  i  453 
    Norfolk  i  453 
    Lord Howe s  i  454 
    Chatham  i  454 
    Auckland  i  455 
    of Tropical S  America  ii  29 
    of the Mexican sub region  ii  59 
    of Eastern United States  ii  134 
    peculiar colours of pigeons in  ii  336 
    abundance of land shells in  ii  525 
 
   Isodactylium   ii  413 
 
   Ispidina   ii  316 
 
   Issiodromys   European Pliocene  i  113 
    ii  232 
 
   Ithaginis   ii  340 
 
   Ithomia   ii  470 
 
   Ithycyphus   ii  379 
 
   Ixalus   ii  419 
 
   Ixonotus   ii  267 
 
   Ixulus   ii  266 
 
  J  
 
   Jacamaralcyon   ii  311 
 
  Jacamars  ii  311 
 
   Jacamerops   ii  311 
 
  Jacanas  ii  255 
 
   Jacchus   in Brazilian caves  i  144 
 
   Jaculus   ii  232 
 
   Jaltris   ii  375 
 
   Jamaicia   ii  521 
 
   Janella   ii  517 
 
   Janthocincla   ii  261 
 
   Japalura   ii  402 
 
  Japan and North China  physical features of  i  221 
    southern extremity of perhaps belongs to the Oriental region  i  226 
 
  Japan  general character of the fauna of  i  230 
    former land connexions of  i  231 
 
  Java  mammalia of  i  349 
    productions of  well known  i  350 
    birds of  i  351 
    representative species of birds in  i  352 
    origin of the anomalous features of its fauna  i  352 
    Sumatra and Borneo  their geographical contrasts and zoological 
      peculiarities explained  i  357 
 
  Jays  ii  273 
 
   Jenynsia   ii  450 
 
  Jerboas  ii  231 
 
  Juan Fernandez  Carabid   of  ii  44 
    birds of  ii  49 
    beetles and land shells of  ii  51 
 
   Juida   ii  288 
 
   Juliamyia   ii  109 
 
   Junco   ii  284 
 
   Junonia   European Miocene  i  167 
    ii  474 
 
  K  
 
  Kagu  ii  359 
 
  Kakapoe  of New Zealand  i  455 
 
   Kalophrynus   ii  415 
 
  Kangaroos  extinct in Australia  i  157 
    ii  251 
 
   Keneuxia   ii  397 
 
  Kerguelen Island  apterous insects of  i  211   note   
 
   Kerodon   in Brazilian caves  i  144 
    S  American Pliocene  i  147 
    ii  241 
 
   Ketingus   ii  443 
 
   Ketupa   ii  350 
 
  King fisher  racquet tailed  of New Guinea  figure of  i  415 
 
  King fishers  ii  315 
 
   Kittacincla   ii  259 
 
  Kiwi of New Zealand  i  455 
 
   Kneria   ii  453 
 
   Kobus   ii  224 
 
  Koodoo antelope  figure of  i  261 
 
   Kricogonia   ii  478 
 
   Krynickia   ii  517 
 
  L  
 
   Labeo   ii  451 
 
   Labrax   ii  425 
 
  LABRID    ii  437 
 
   Labrus   ii  437 
 
  LABYRINTHICI  ii  434 
 
   Lacerta   ii  391 
 
  LACERTID    ii  390 
 
  Lacertilia  classification of  i  99 
 
  LACERTILIA  ii  388 
    general remarks on the distribution of  ii  403 
    fossil  ii  404 
 
   Lacuna   ii  510 
 
  Ladrone Islands  birds of  i  444 
 
   L  margus   ii  461 
 
   L  mosthenes   ii  489 
 
   L  osopis   ii  477 
 
   Lafresnaya   ii  107 
 
   Lagenocetus   ii  208 
 
   Lagenorhynchus   ii  209 
 
   Lagidium   ii  237 
 
  LAGOMYID    ii  242 
 
   Lagomys   European Pliocene  i  113 
    European Miocene  i  120 
    ii  242 
 
   Lagopus   ii  339 
 
   Lagorchestes   ii  251 
 
   Lagostomus   in Brazilian caves  i  145 
    S  American Pliocene  i  147 
    ii  237 
 
   Lagothrix   ii  174 
 
   Lais   ii  442 
 
  Lake Baikal  seals of  i  218 
    ii  206 
 
   Lalage   ii  269 
 
   Laletes   ii  280 
 
  LAMIID    ii  498 
 
   Lamna   ii  460 
 
  LAMNID    ii  460 
 
   Lampornis   ii  107 
 
  Lampreys  ii  463 
 
   Lamprima   ii  493 
 
   Lampris   ii  429 
 
   Lamprocolius   ii  288 
 
   Lamprol  ma   ii  107 
 
   Lamrophis   ii  380 
 
   Lampropsar   ii  282 
 
   Lampropygia   ii  108 
 
   Lamprospilus   ii  477 
 
   Lamprospiza   ii  99 
 
   Lamprotes   ii  98 
 
  Lancelet  ii  464 
 
  Land lizards  ii  391 
 
  Land and water  proportions of  i  35 
 
  Land and fresh water shells  antiquity of the genera of  i  168 
 
  Land shells  Pal  ozoic  i  169 
    Pal  arctic  i  190 
    of Madeira  i  209 
    of the Cape Verd Islands  i  215 
    of the Ethiopian region  i  257 
    of W  Africa  i  265 
    of Madagascar and the Mascarene Islands  i  285 
    of the Indo Malay sub region  i  344 
    of the Australian region  i  407 
    of the Sandwich Islands  i  466 
    of New Zealand  i  459 
    of the Neotropical region  ii  19 
    of the Antilles  ii  75 
    conditions favouring development of  ii  75 
    of N  America  ii  124 
    general observations on the distribution of  ii  522 
    richness of islands in  ii  525 
    their mode of diffusion  ii  525  528 
    comparative distribution of Operculate and In operculate  ii  526 
    estimated numbers of  ii  526 
 
  Land snakes  ii  382 
 
   Langaha   ii  379 
 
   Laniarius   ii  272 
 
   Lanicterus   ii  268 
 
   Laniellus   ii  272 
 
  LANIID    ii  272 
 
   Lanio   ii  99 
 
   Lanius   European Miocene  i  161 
    ii  272 
 
   Laopithecus   N  American Tertiary  i  133 
 
   Laornis   N  American Cretaceous  i  164 
 
   Laprissa   ii  421 
 
  LARID    ii  364 
 
   Larimus   ii  428 
 
  Larks  ii  289 
 
   Larus   ii  364 
 
   Larvivora   ii  259 
 
   Lasiomys   ii  229 
 
   Lasiuromys   ii  239 
 
   Latax   ii  199 
 
   Lates   ii  425 
 
   Lathria   ii  102 
 
   Latonia   ii  421 
 
   Latrunculus   ii  430 
 
   Layardia   ii  261 
 
  Lea  Dr  Isaac  on N  American Unionid    ii  125 
 
   Lebia   ii  489 
 
   Lebiasina   ii  445 
 
   Legatus   ii  101 
 
   Leiocephalus   ii  401 
 
   Leiol  mus   ii  401 
 
   Leistes   ii  282 
 
   Leistus   ii  489 
 
   Leiuperus   ii  420 
 
   Leiyla   ii  419 
 
   Lemonias   ii  476 
 
   Lemur   ii  176 
 
  Lemur  fossil  ii  178 
 
   Lemuravid     N  American Tertiary  i  133 
 
   Lemuravus   N  American Tertiary  i  133 
 
  Lemuria  a hypothetical land  i  76 
 
   Lemurid     European Eocene  i  124 
 
  LEMURID    ii  176 
 
  Lemuroidea  range of Ethiopian genera of  i  300 
    range of Oriental genera of  i  371 
 
  LEMUROIDEA  ii  176 
 
  Lemurs  ii  176 
 
   Leonia   ii  521 
 
   Lepadogaster   ii  436 
 
   Lepictis   N  American Tertiary  i  133 
 
   Lepidocepalichthys   ii  453 
 
   Lepidocephalus   ii  453 
 
   Lepidogrammas   ii  309 
 
   Lepidolarynx   ii  108 
 
  Lepidoptera  cosmopolitan families of  i  177 
    table of Pal  arctic families of  i  238 
    S  African  i  268 
    table of Ethiopian families of  i  299 
    of the Oriental region  i  318 
    table of Oriental families of  i  369 
    of the Australian region  i  404 
    table of Australian families of  i  472 
    of the Neotropical region  ii  13 
    of the Antilles  ii  73 
    table of Neotropical families of  ii  90 
    of the Nearctic region  ii  122 
    Nearctic families of  ii  143 
 
  LEPIDOPTERA  ii  470 
 
   Lepidosiren   ii  458 
 
  LEPIDOSTEID    ii  459 
 
   Lepidosteus   ii  459 
 
  LEPIDOSTERNID    ii  389 
 
   Lepidosternon   ii  389 
 
   Lepilemur   ii  176 
 
   Lepistes   ii  450 
 
  LEPORID    ii  242 
 
   Leporinus   ii  445 
 
   Lepricornis   ii  476 
 
   Leprodera   ii  501 
 
   Leptalis   ii  478 
 
   Leptarchus   N  American Tertiary  i  135 
    ii  202 
 
   Leptasthenura   ii  103 
 
   Leptauchenia   N  American Tertiary  i  138 
 
   Leptobarbina   ii  452 
 
   Leptobrachium   ii  421 
 
  LEPTOCARDII  ii  464 
 
   Leptocera   ii  502 
 
   Leptochoerus   N  American Tertiary  i  137 
    ii  215 
 
   Leptocircus   ii  479 
 
   Leptodeira   ii  379 
 
   Leptodon   Miocene of Greece  i  116 
    ii  214 
    ii  349 
 
   Leptognathus   ii  381 
 
   Leptomantis   ii  419 
 
   Leptomeryx   N  American Tertiary  i  138 
    ii  220 
 
   Lepton   ii  535 
 
   Leptoneura   ii  471 
 
   Leptonyx   ii  204 
 
   Leptopogon   ii  101 
 
   Leptoma   ii  520 
 
   Leptoptila   ii  333 
 
   Leptoptilus   European Miocene  i  162 
    ii  361 
 
   Leptorhytaon   ii  380 
 
   Leptornis   ii  276 
 
  LEPTOSOMID    ii  310 
 
   Leptosomus   allied form in European Eocene  
    i  168 
    ii  310 
 
  Leptosomus of Madagascar  i  278 
    figure of  i  279 
 
   Leptotherium   in Brazilian caves  i  144 
    ii  226 
 
   Leptotriccus   ii  101 
 
   Leptura   ii  502 
 
   Lepus   in Brazilian caves  i  145 
    S  American Pliocene  i  147 
 
   Lerista   ii  395 
 
   Lerwa   ii  339 
 
   Lesbia   ii  108 
 
   Lestodon   S  American Pliocene  i  147 
 
   Leucippus   ii  109 
 
   Leuciscus   ii  452 
 
   Leucochroa   ii  516 
 
   Leucocyon   ii  197 
 
   Leucomel  na   ii  332 
 
   Leuconerpes   ii  304 
 
   Leucophantes   ii  270 
 
   Leucophasia   ii  478 
 
   Leucopleurus   ii  209 
 
   Leucosarcia   ii  333 
 
   Leucosomus   ii  452 
 
   Leucosticte   ii  285 
 
  Lewis  Mr  George  his collection of Japan insects  i  228 
 
  LIALID    ii  396 
 
   Lialis   ii  396 
 
   Liasis   ii  381 
 
   Libellula   from the Lias  i  167 
 
   Libythea   ii  475 
 
  LIBYTHEID    ii  475 
 
   Lichanotus   ii  381 
 
   Lichenops   ii  101 
 
   Licina   ii  521 
 
   Licmetis   ii  325 
 
  Lilljeborg  Professor  on classification of the Rodentia  i  90 
 
  LIMACID    ii  517 
 
  LIMACINID    ii  531 
 
   Limax   ii  517 
 
   Limenitis   ii  474 
 
   Limn  a   Eocene  i  169 
    European Secondary  i  169 
    ii  518 
 
  LIMN  ID    ii  518 
 
   Limnatornis   European Miocene  i  161 
 
   Limnocharis   ii  420 
 
   Limnocyon   N  American Tertiary  i  134 
 
   Limnodynastes   ii  420 
 
   Limnohyus   N  American Tertiary  i  136 
 
   Limnophis   ii  376 
 
   Limnornis   ii  103 
 
   Limnotherid     N  American Tertiary  i  133 
 
   Limnotherium   N  American Tertiary  i  133 
 
   Limnurgus   ii  450 
 
   Limosa   ii  353 
 
  Limpets  ii  511 
 
   Lingula   ii  538 
 
  LINGULID    ii  532 
 
   Linota   ii  285 
 
   Linsang   ii  195 
 
   Liocassis   ii  442 
 
   Liopelma   ii  417 
 
   Liopis   ii  375 
 
   Lioptilus   ii  267 
 
   Lioscelis   ii  297 
 
  LIOTRICHID    ii  266 
 
   Liothrix   ii  266 
 
   Lipaugus   ii  102 
 
   Liparis   ii  430 
 
   Liphyra   ii  477 
 
   Lipinia   ii  397 
 
   Lipoa   ii  342 
 
   Liposarcus   ii  444 
 
   Liptala   ii  477 
 
   Lissolepis   ii  397 
 
   Listriodon   European Miocene  i  119 
 
   Lithiodon   ii  521 
 
   Lithomys   European Miocene  i  120 
    ii  236 
 
   Lithornis   European Eocene  i  163 
 
   Litoria   ii  418 
 
   Littorina   ii  510 
 
  LITTORINID    ii  510 
 
  Lizards  classification of  i  90 
    Tertiary  i  165 
    wide range of a species in Polynesia  i  448 
    distribution and lines of migration of  ii  547 
 
   Lobodon   ii  204 
 
   Lochmias   ii  103 
 
   Locustella   ii  258 
 
   Loddigesia   ii  108 
 
   Loncheres   in Brazilian caves  i  145 
    ii  239 
 
   Lonchophorus   in Brazilian caves  i  145 
    ii  239 
 
  LONGICORNIA  ii  498 
 
  Longicornia  Pal  arctic  i  188 
    Ethiopian  i  257 
    Oriental  i  320 
    Australian  i  407 
    Neotropical  ii  17 
    of Chili  ii  46 
    Nearctic  ii  123 
 
   Lontra   ii  199 
 
   Lophiodon   European Eocene  i  125 
    N  American Tertiary  i  136 
    ii  212 
 
   Lophiomeryx   ii  218 
 
   Lophiotherium   N  American Tertiary  i  136 
 
   Lophius   ii  431 
 
   Lophoa  tus   ii  348 
 
  LOPHOBRANCHII  ii  456 
 
   Lophocitta   ii  273 
 
   Lophogyps   ii  346 
 
   Lophoictinia   ii  349 
 
   Lopholaimus   ii  362 
 
   Lophiomys   ii  230 
 
   Lophophaps   ii  333 
 
   Lophophanes   ii  266 
 
  LOPHOPHORIN    ii  340 
 
   Lophophorus   ii  340 
 
   Lophorhina   ii  274 
 
   Lophornis   ii  107 
 
   Lophortix   ii  339 
 
   Lophostrix   ii  350 
 
  LOPHOTID    ii  432 
 
  Lophotragus  ii  220 
 
   Lophotriorchis   ii  348 
 
   Lophura   ii  402 
 
  Lord Howe s Island  birds of  i  453 
 
   Loricaria   ii  444 
 
   Loriculus   ii  326 
 
   Loris   ii  176 
 
   Lorius   ii  327 
 
   Lota   ii  439 
 
   Loxia   ii  285 
 
   Loxigilla   ii  285 
 
   Loxomylus   Pliocene of Antilles  i  148 
    ii  237 
 
   Loxops   ii  277 
 
   Lucania   ii  450 
 
  LUCANID    ii  492 
 
   Lucanus   ii  493 
 
   Lucia   ii  477 
 
   Lucidella   ii  522 
 
   Lucifuga   ii  440 
 
  LUCINID    ii  535 
 
   Lucinopsis   ii  536 
 
  LUCIOCEPHALID    ii  434 
 
   Lucioperca   ii  425 
 
   Luciotrutta   ii  447 
 
   Lucisoma   ii  452 
 
  Lund  Dr   his researches in caves of Brazil  i  143 
 
   Lupus   ii  197 
 
   Lurocalis   ii  320 
 
   Luscinia   ii  259 
 
   Lusciniola   ii  258 
 
   Lutra   European Miocene  i  118 
    Indian Miocene  i  121 
    ii  199 
 
   Lutronectes   ii  199 
 
   Lyc  na   Miocene of Greece  i  115 
    ii  196 
 
  LYC  NID    ii  477 
 
   Lycalopex   i  197 
 
  LYCODID    ii  439 
 
   Lycodon   ii  380 
 
  LYCODONTID    ii  380 
 
   Lycophidion   ii  380 
 
   Lycorea   ii  470 
 
   Lygosoma   ii  397 
 
   Lygosomella   ii  397 
 
   Lymanopoda   ii  471 
 
   Lymnas   ii  476 
 
   Lyncornis   ii  320 
 
   Lyncus   ii  193 
 
   Lytorhynchus   ii  376 
 
  Lyre bird  figure of  i  441 
    ii  298 
 
  M  
 
   Mabouya   ii  397 
 
   Macacus   European Pliocene  i  112 
    Miocene of Greece  i  115 
    Indian Miocene  i  121 
    supposed in European Eocene  i  125 
    ii  173 
    ii  178 
 
  Macaws  ii  327 
 
   Machairodus   i  110  111 
    Miocene of Greece  i  115 
    European Miocene  i  118 
    Indian Miocene  i  121 
    N  American Tertiary  i  134 
    in Brazilian caves  i  144 
    S  American Pliocene  i  146 
    ii  193 
 
   Machetornis   ii  101 
 
   Mach  rhamphus   ii  349 
 
   Mach  rirhynchus   ii  271 
 
   Mach  ropterus   ii  102 
 
   Machetes   ii  353 
 
   Macrauchenia   S  American Pliocene  i  146 
 
   Macrocalamus   ii  374 
 
   Macroceramus   ii  516 
 
   Macrochilus   ii  491 
 
   Macrocyclis   ii  516 
 
   Macrodipteryx   ii  320 
 
   Macrodon   ii  445 
 
   Macroglossa   ii  482 
 
   Macrones   ii  442 
 
   Macronus   ii  261 
 
   Macronyx   ii  290 
 
  MACROPODID    ii  250 
 
   Macropus   ii  251 
 
   Macropygia   ii  332 
 
   Macrorhamphus   ii  353 
 
  MACROSCELIDID    ii  186 
 
   Macroscelides   ii  186 
 
   Macrosila   ii  482 
 
   Macrotherium   Miocene of Greece  i  116 
    European Miocene  i  121 
    ii  246 
 
   Macrotus californicus   ii  182 
 
  MACROURID    ii  440 
 
  MACTRID    ii  443 
 
  Madagascar  extinct birds of  i  164 
    description of  i  272 
    mammalia of  i  272 
    birds of  i  274 
    reptiles of  i  279 
    amphibia of  i  280 
    extinct fauna of  i  282 
    general remarks on insect fauna of  i  284 
 
  Madeira  birds of  i  208 
    land shells of  i  208 
    beetles of  i  210 
    wingless insects numerous in  i  211 
    how stocked with animals  i  213 
 
  MALACANTHID    ii  433 
 
  Malacca  Sumatra  and Borneo  zoological unity of  i  353 
    comparison of mammalia  i  354 
    of birds  i  355 
 
   Malacocircus   ii  261 
 
   Malacopteron   ii  261 
 
   Malacoptila   ii  310 
 
   Malacorhynchus   ii  364 
 
   Malacothrix   ii  230 
 
  Malagasy sub region  description of  i  272 
    mammalia of  i  272 
    birds of  i  274 
    illustration of zoology of  i  278 
    reptiles of  i  279 
    amphibia of  i  280 
    extinct fauna of  i  282  289 
    insects of  i  282 
    early history of  i  286 
 
   Malapterurus   ii  443 
 
  Malaya and Indo Malaya  terms defined  i  345   note   
 
  Malaya  meaning of term  ii  261 
 
  Malay Archipelago  distribution of butterflies in  ii  484 
    distribution of Cicindelid   in  ii  487 
    distribution of Longicorns in  ii  500 
 
  Malayan forms of life reappearing in West Africa  i  263 
    fauna  probable origin of  i  359 
    resemblances to that of Madagascar and Ceylon explained  i  361 
 
   Malimbus   ii  286 
 
   Mallodon   ii  501 
 
   Mallotus   ii  447 
 
  Malta  Post Pliocene fauna of  i  114 
    formerly joined to Africa  i  201 
    fossil elephants of  i  201 
    birds of  i  206   note   
 
   Malurus   ii  258 
 
  Mammal  the most ancient American  i  134 
 
  Mammalia  means of dispersal of  i  10 
    as limited by climate  i  11 
    as limited by rivers  i  12 
    how far limited by the sea  i  13 
    dispersed by ice floes and drift wood  i  14 
    means of dispersal of aquatic  i  15 
    of most importance in determining zoological regions  i  57 
    classification of  i  85 
    birthplace and migrations of some families of  i  142  153 
    cosmopolitan groups of  i  176 
    of the Pal  arctic region  i  181 
    of the European sub region  i  192 
    of the Mediterranean sub region  i  202 
    of the Siberian sub region  i  217 
    characteristic of Western Tartary  i  218 
    of the Manchurian sub region  i  222 
    Pal  arctic genera of  in the Manchurian sub region  i  222 
    Oriental genera of  on borders of same sub region  i  223 
    peculiar to Japan  i  223 
    characteristic of N  W  China and Mongolia  i  226 
    table of Pal  arctic families of  i  234 
    range of Pal  arctic genera of  i  239 
    of the Ethiopian region  i  253 
    absence of certain important groups  i  253 
    of the E  African sub region  i  260 
    of W  Africa  i  262 
    of S  Africa  i  267 
    of Madagascar  i  272 
    table of Ethiopian families of  i  294 
    table of Ethiopian genera of  i  300 
    of the Oriental region  i  315 
    range of the genera inhabiting the Indian sub region  i  322 
    of Ceylon  i  327 
    of the Indo Chinese sub region  i  330 
    of the Indo Malayan sub region  i  336 
    illustration of characteristic Malayan  i  336 
    of the Philippine Islands  i  345 
    table of Oriental families of  i  365 
    table of Oriental genera of  i  371 
    of Australian region  i  390 
    of the Papuan Islands  i  410 
    of the Moluccas  i  417 
    of the Timor group  i  422 
    of Celebes  i  427 
    of Australia  i  439 
    illustration of  i  439 
    of New Zealand  i  450 
    table of families of Australian  i  470 
    table of genera of Australian  i  475 
    destinctive characters of Neotropical  ii  6 
    of S  Temperate America  ii  36 
    of Straits of Magellan  ii  37 
    of the Mexican sub region  ii  52 
    of the Antilles  ii  62 
    table of Neotropical families of  ii  85 
    table of Neotropical genera of  ii  91 
    of the Nearctic region  ii  115 
    of California  ii  127 
    of N  American central plains  ii  129 
    of E  United States  ii  132 
    of Canada  ii  135 
    table of Nearctic families of  ii  140 
    table of Nearctic genera of  ii  145 
 
   Mammalia   extinct  of Old World  i  107 
    extinct  of historic period  i  110 
    extinct  comparative age of in Europe  i  127 
    extinct  of the New World  i  129 
    extinct  of N  America and Europe  compared  i  141 
    original birthplace of some families and genera  i  142  153 
    of the secondary period  i  160 
 
  MAMMALIA  summary and conclusion  ii  540 
    lines of migration of  ii  544 
 
  Manakins  ii  102 
 
  MANATID    ii  210 
 
   Manatus   N  American Post Pliocene  i  130 
    ii  210 
 
  Manchurian sub region  description of  i  220 
    mammalia of  i  222 
    birds of  i  223 
    reptiles and amphibia of  i  227 
    fresh water fish of  i  227 
    insects of  i  227 
    coleoptera of  i  228 
 
  MANIDID    ii  245 
 
   Manis   ii  245 
 
   Manorhina   ii  276 
 
   Manticora   ii  487 
 
   Manucodia   ii  274 
 
   Mareca   ii  363 
 
   Margaroperdix   ii  338 
 
   Margarops   ii  256 
 
   Margarornis   ii  103 
 
   Marginella   ii  508 
 
  Marine Mollusca  general remarks on the distribution of  ii  537 
 
  Marine shells of the Neotropical region  ii  20 
 
  Marmosets  ii  175 
 
  Marquesas Islands  birds of  i  443 
 
  Marsh  Mr   on improvability of Asiatic and African deserts  i  200 
    on camels and goats as destructive to vegetation  i  200 
 
  MARSUPIALIA  ii  248 
    general remarks on the distribution of  ii  253 
 
  Marsupials  classification of  i  91 
    N  American Post Pliocene  i  130 
    European Miocene  i  121 
    first migration to America  i  155 
    diversified forms of  i  391 
    of America prove no connection with Australia  i  399 
    list of Australian genera of  i  476 
 
  MARSUPIALIA and MONOTREMATA  summary and conclusion  ii  543 
 
   Martes   N  American Tertiary  i  135 
    ii  198 
 
  Mascarene Islands  zoology of  i  280 
    extinct fauna of  i  282 
    gigantic land tortoises of  i  289 
 
   Masius   ii  102 
 
  MASTACEMBELID    ii  437 
 
   Mastodon   European Pliocene  i  113 
    Miocene of Greece  i  116 
    European Miocene  i  120 
    in Brazilian caves  i  144 
    S  American Pliocene  i  147 
    Indian Miocene  i  123 
    N  American Post Pliocene  i  130 
    N  American Tertiary  i  138 
    ii  227  228 
 
  Mauritius  zoology of  i  280 
    reptiles of  i  281 
 
  McCoy  Professor  on Pal  ontology of Victoria  i  466 
 
   Mechanitis   ii  470 
 
   Meda   ii  452 
 
  Mediterranean  recent changes in  i  39 
    sub region  description of  i  199 
    mammalia of  i  202 
    birds of  i  203 
    reptiles and amphibia of  i  204 
    fresh water fish of  i  205 
    insects of  i  205 
    islands of  i  206 
    sea not separating distinct faunas  i  201 
 
   Megabias   ii  270 
 
   Megablabes   ii  376 
 
   Magacephala   ii  478 
 
   Megacephalon   ii  342 
 
   Megacerops   N  American Tertiary  i  137 
 
   Megaderma   ii  182 
 
   Meg  rophis   ii  383 
 
   Megal  ma   ii  306 
 
  MEGAL  MID    ii  305 
 
  MEGAL  MIN    ii  306 
 
   Megalixalus   ii  419 
 
   Megalocnus   fossil in Cuba  i  148 
 
   Megalomastoma   ii  521 
 
   Megalomeryx   N  American Tertiary  i  138 
 
   Megalomma   ii  487 
 
   Megalonyx   N  American Post Pliocene  i  130 
    in Brazilian caves  i  145 
    S  American Pliocene  i  147 
 
   Megalophrys   ii  421 
 
   Megalostoma   Eocene  i  169 
 
   Megalurus   ii  258 
 
   Megalophonus   ii  289 
 
   Megamys   S  American Eocene  i  148 
    ii  238 
 
   Meganostoma   ii  478 
 
  MEGAPODIID    ii  341 
 
   Megapodius   ii  342 
 
   Megaptera   ii  207 
 
   Megarhynchus   ii  101 
 
   Megaspira   European Tertiary  i  169 
    ii  527 
 
   Megatherid     in Brazilian caves  i  145 
 
   Megatherium   N  American Post Pliocene  i  130 
    in Brazilian caves  i  145 
    S  American Pliocene  i  147 
    ii  245 
 
   Meiornis   ii  369 
 
   Melampitta   ii  298 
 
   Melampus   ii  519 
 
   Melanerpes   ii  303 
 
   Melania   European Secondary  i  169 
 
  MELANIAD    ii  509 
 
   Melanitis   ii  471 
 
   Melanochlora   ii  266 
 
   Melanocorypha   ii  289 
 
   Melanophidium   ii  374 
 
   Melanoptila   ii  256 
 
   Melanotis   ii  256 
 
  MELEAGRIN    ii  340 
 
   Meleagris   N  American Miocene  i  163 
    ii  340 
 
   Meles   ii  199 
 
   Melidectes   ii  276 
 
   Melidora   ii  316 
 
   Melierax   ii  348 
 
   Melin  a   ii  470 
 
   Meliornis   ii  275 
 
   Meliphaga   ii  275 
 
  MELIPHAGID    ii  275 
 
   Melipotes   ii  276 
 
   Melirrhophetes   ii  276 
 
   Melit  a   ii  474 
 
   Melithreptus   ii  276 
 
   Melittophagus   ii  312 
 
   Melizophilus   ii  259 
 
   Mellisuga   ii  108 
 
   Mellivora   Indian Miocene  i  121 
   ii  199 
 
   Melolonthidium   Oolitic insect  i  167 
 
   Melopelia   ii  333 
 
   Melopsittacus   ii  325 
 
   Melopyrrha   ii  285 
 
   Melospiza   ii  284 
 
   Melursus   ii  202 
 
   Menetia   ii  395 
 
   Meniceros   ii  317 
 
   Meniscotherium   N  American Tertiary  i  138 
 
   Menobranchus   ii  412 
 
   Menopoma   ii  412 
 
  MENOPOMID    ii  412 
 
   Menotherium   N  American Tertiary  i  133 
 
   Menura   ii  298 
 
  MENURID    ii  298 
 
   Mephitis   in Brazilian caves  i  144 
    ii  199 
 
   Merganetta   ii  364 
 
   Mergulus   ii  367 
 
   Mergus   ii  364 
 
   Meriones   ii  232 
    ii  230 
 
   Meristes   ii  272 
 
   Merluccius   ii  439 
 
   Meroe   ii  536 
 
  MEROPID    ii  312 
 
   Meropiscus   ii  312 
 
   Meropogon   ii  312 
 
   Merops   ii  312 
 
   Merulaxis   ii  297 
 
   Merychus   N  American Tertiary  i  138 
 
   Merychippus   N  American Tertiary  i  135 
 
   Merychochoerus   N  American Tertiary  i  138 
 
   Merycodus   N  American Tertiary  i  138 
    ii  220 
 
   Merycopotamus   Indian Miocene  i  122 
    ii  214 
 
   Merycotherium   of Siberian drift  i  112 
    ii  217 
 
   Mesacodon   N  American Tertiary  i  133 
 
   Mesapia   ii  479 
 
   Mesites   ii  263 
 
   Mesohippus   N  American Tertiary  i  135 
 
   Mesomys   ii  239 
 
   Mesonauta   ii  438 
 
   Mesonyx   N  American Tertiary  i  134 
 
   Mesopithecus   Miocene of Greece  i  115 
    ii  178 
 
   Mesoprion   ii  425 
 
   Mesops   ii  439 
 
   Mesosemia   ii  475 
 
   Messalina   ii  391 
 
   Messaras   ii  474 
 
   Metallura   ii  108 
 
   Metapheles   ii  476 
 
   Methonella   ii  476 
 
   Metius   ii  492 
 
   Metopia   ii  102 
 
   Metopiana   ii  364 
 
   Metoponia   ii  283 
 
   Metopothrix   ii  102 
 
   Metriopelia   ii  333 
 
  Mexican sub region  ii  51 
    mammalia of  ii  52 
    birds of  ii  52 
    reptiles of  ii  54 
    amphibia of  ii  54 
    fresh water fish of  ii  54 
    insects of  ii  55 
    land shells of  ii  57 
    its relations to the N  and S  American continents  ii  57 
    islands of  ii  59 
 
  Meyer  Dr  A B   on reptiles and amphibia of New Guinea  i  415   
 
   Micr  ca   ii  270 
 
   Micracantha   ii  501 
 
   Micrastur   ii  347 
 
   Micrathene   ii  350 
 
   Micrhyla   ii  414 
 
   Microbates   ii  104 
 
   Microcebus   ii  176 
 
   Microcerculus   ii  264 
 
   Microch  ra   ii  107 
 
   Microglossus   ii  325 
 
   Microhierax   ii  349 
 
   Microlestes   oldest European mammal  i  160 
 
   Micromeryx   European Miocene  i  120 
    ii  220 
 
   Micropelama   ii  353 
 
   Micropternus   ii  304 
 
   Micropterus   ii  364 
 
   Microscelis   ii  267 
 
   Microstoma   ii  448 
 
   Microsyops   N  American Tertiary  i  133 
 
   Microtherium   European Miocene  i  120 
 
   Midas   ii  176 
 
  Middendorf  on extreme northern birds  i  219 
 
   Midea   ii  478 
 
   Miglyptes   ii  304 
 
  Migrating birds  in which region to be placed  i  185 
 
  Migration of animals  i  10 
    general phenomena of  i  18 
    of birds  i  19 
    of birds in Europe  i  19 
    probable origin of  i  22 
    of birds in India and China  i  23 
    of birds in N  America  i  23 
    changes in extent of  i  24 
    of birds in S  Temperate America  i  25 
    general remarks on  i  25 
 
   Miletus   ii  477 
 
   Milvulus   ii  102  291 
 
   Milvus   European Miocene  i  162 
    ii  349 
 
   Mimeta   ii  268 
 
   Mimetes   ii  170 
 
   Mimocichla   ii  256 
 
   Mimus   ii  256 
 
   Minla   ii  266 
 
  Miocene fauna of the Old World  i  114 
    fauna of Geece  i  115 
    fauna of Greece  summary of  i  116 
    fauna of Central Europe  i  117 
    deposits of Siwalik Hills  i  121 
    faunas of Europe and Asia  general observations on  i  123 
 
   Miohippus   N  American Tertiary  i  135 
 
   Mionectes   ii  101 
 
   Mirafra   ii  289 
 
   Miro   ii  260 
 
   Misgurnus   ii  453 
 
   Mitra   ii  508 
 
   Mitrephorus   ii  102 
 
   Mitua   ii  343 
 
  Mivart  Professor  on classification of primates  i  86 
    on classification of insectivora  i  87 
    on classification of amphibia  i  101 
    of classification of lemurs  ii  176 
 
   Mixornis   ii  261 
 
   Mniotilta   ii  279 
 
  MNIOTILTID    ii  278 
 
   Mochocus   ii  443 
 
   Mocoa   ii  397 
 
   Moho   ii  276 
 
  Mole rat of W  Tartary  i  218 
 
  Mole rats  ii  231 
 
  Moles  almost wholly Pal  arctic  i  181 
    ii  190 
 
   Mollienesia   ii  450 
 
  Mollusca  means of dispersal of  i  30 
    classification of  i  104 
    groups selected for study  i  104 
 
  MOLLUSCA  distribution of  ii  504 
    range of families of  in time  ii  538 
 
  Moluccas  zoology of  i  417 
    birds of  i  419 
    reptiles of  i  420 
    insects of  i  420 
    peculiarities of fauna of  i  421 
 
   Molossus   ii  184 
 
   Molothrus   ii  282 
 
   Molva   ii  439 
 
  MOMOTID    ii  313 
 
   Momotus   ii  313 
 
   Monachalcyon   ii  316 
 
   Monarcha   ii  270 
 
   Monasa   ii  311 
 
   Monitor   ii  389 
 
  Monkeys on the high Himalayas  i  12 
    fossil in N  American Miocene  i  133 
    in E  Thibet  i  222 
    abundance of in the Oriental region  i  315 
 
   Monoceros   ii  507 
 
   Monodon   ii  208 
 
  MONODONTID    ii  208 
 
   Monoplocus   ii  390 
 
   Monopterus   ii  455 
 
  Monotremata  classification of  i  91 
    list of Australian genera of  i  477 
 
  MONOTREMATA  ii  253 
    remarks on the distribution of  ii  254 
 
   Monotrophis   ii  289 
 
   Montacuta   ii  535 
 
   Monticola   ii  256 
 
   Montifringilla   ii  284 
 
  M  rch  Dr   on Panama shells  ii  20 
 
   Morelia   ii  381 
 
   More pork  of Australia  figure of  i  442 
 
   Morethria   ii  395 
 
   Mormolyce   ii  490 
 
  MORMYRID    ii  448 
 
   Mormyrops   ii  448 
 
   Mormyrus   ii  488 
 
   Morococcyx   ii  309 
 
   Morotherium   N  American Pliocene  i  140 
 
  MORPHID    ii  472 
 
   Morphnus   ii  348 
 
   Morpho   ii  472 
 
   Morunga   ii  204 
 
   Moschus   ii  219 
 
   Motacilla   European Miocene  i  161 
    ii  290 
 
  MOTACILLID    ii  290 
 
   Motella   ii  439 
 
  Moths  ii  481 
 
  Motmots  ii  313 
 
  Mound builders  peculiar Australian birds  i  393 
 
  Moupin  position and zoology of  i  221 
 
  Mouse deer  ii  218 
 
   Moxostoma   ii  451 
 
   Mugil   ii  435 
 
  MUGILLID    ii  435 
 
   Mulleria   ii  534 
 
   Mulleripicus   ii  303 
 
  MULLID    ii  426 
 
   Mullus   ii  426 
 
   Mungos   ii  195 
 
   Munia   ii  287 
 
  MUR  NID    ii  456 
 
   Mur  nopsis   ii  412 
 
   Murex   ii  507 
 
  MURICID    ii  507 
 
   Murid     S  American Pliocene  i  147 
 
  MURID    ii  229 
 
  Murray  Mr  Andrew  on zoological region  i  60 
 
   Mus   ii  229 
 
   Muscardinus   ii  232 
 
   Muscicapa   ii  270 
 
  MUSCICAPID    ii  270 
 
   Muscicapula   ii  270 
 
   Muscigralla   ii  101 
 
   Muscipipra   ii  101 
 
   Muscisaxicola   ii  101  291 
 
   Muscitodus   ii  271 
 
   Muscivora   ii  101 
 
   Musophaga   ii  307 
 
  MUSOPHAGID    ii  307 
 
  Mussels  ii  533 
 
   Mustela   Miocene of Greece  i  115 
    European Miocene  i  118 
    S  American Pliocene  i  146 
    ii  198 
 
   Mustelid     in Brazilian caves  i  144 
 
  MUSTELID    ii  198 
 
   Mustelus   ii  460 
 
  MYACID    ii  536 
 
   Myadora   ii  536 
 
   Mycalesis   ii  471 
 
   Mycerobas   ii  284 
 
   Mycetes   ii  175 
    ii  178 
 
   Mycetopus   ii  534 
 
   Mydaus   ii  199 
 
   Myiadestes   ii  260 
 
   Myiagra   ii  271 
 
   Myialestes   ii  271 
 
   Myiarchus   ii  102  291 
 
   Myiobius   ii  101 
 
   Myioceyx   ii  316 
 
   Myiochanes   ii  102 
 
   Myiodioctes   ii  279 
 
   Myiodynastes   ii  101 
 
   Myiophonus   ii  263 
 
   Myiopithecus   ii  173 
 
   Myiotheretes   ii  100 
 
   Myiozetetes   ii  101 
 
   Mylesinus   ii  445 
 
   Myletes   ii  445 
 
  MYLIOBATID    ii  463 
 
   Myliobatis   ii  463 
 
   Mylodon   N  American Post Pliocene  i  130 
    S  American Pliocene  i  147 
 
   Mylopharadon   ii  452 
 
   Mynes   ii  474 
 
   Myochama   ii  536 
 
   Myodes   ii  230 
 
   Myogale   European Miocene  i  118 
   ii  190  191 
 
   Myoictis   ii  249 
 
   Myomorphus   fossil in Cuba  i  148 
 
   Myopotamus   in Brazilian caves  i  145 
    ii  239 
 
   Myospalax   ii  230 
 
  MYOXID    ii  232 
 
   Myoxus   European Miocene  i  120 
    European Eocene  i  126 
    ii  232 
 
   Myxomys   ii  230 
 
   Myrina   ii  477 
 
   Myrmeciza   ii  104 
 
  MYRMECOBIID    ii  250 
 
   Myrmecobius   ii  250 
 
   Myrmecophaga   ii  247 
 
  MYRMECOPHAGID    ii  247 
 
   Myrmotherula   ii  104 
 
   Myron   ii  376 
 
   Myrtis   ii  108 
 
   Mysarachne   European Miocene  i  118 
 
   Mysops   N  American Eocene  i  140 
    ii  231 
 
   Mystacina tuberculata   ii  184 
 
   Mystacoleucus   ii  452 
 
   Mystacornis   ii  258 
 
   Mystromys   ii  230 
 
  MYTILID    ii  533 
 
   Mytilus   ii  539 
 
  MYXINID    ii  464 
 
   Myxophagus   N  American Post Pliocene  i  130 
 
   Myxophyes   ii  420 
 
   Myxus   ii  435 
 
   Myzomela   ii  275 
 
   Myzornis   ii  266 
 
  N  
 
   N  nia   ii  365 
 
   Naja   ii  383 
 
  NANDID    ii  433 
 
   Nandinia   ii  195 
 
   Nandus   ii  433 
 
   Nanina   ii  513 
 
   Nannophryne   ii  417 
 
   Nannophrys   ii  421 
 
   Nanodes   ii  327 
 
   Nanohyus   N  American Tertiary  i  137 
    ii  215 
 
   Nanotragus   ii  224 
 
   Napeogenes   ii  470 
 
   Napothera   ii  261 
 
   Nardoa   ii  381 
 
  Narwhal  ii  208 
 
   Narope   ii  472 
 
   Nasica   ii  103 
 
   Nasiterna   ii  325 
 
   Nasua   in Brazilian caves  i  144 
    ii  200 
 
   Nathalis   ii  478 
 
   Natica   ii  539 
 
  NATICID    ii  508 
 
   Nautilus   ii  539 
 
  NATRICIN    ii  375 
 
   Nattereria   ii  417 
 
   Nauclerus   ii  349 
 
   Naucrates   ii  429 
 
   Naultinus  ii  400 
 
  NAUTILID    ii  506 
 
   Navicella   ii  510 
 
  Nearctic region  defined  i  79 
    subdivisions of  i  80 
    distinct from Pal  arctic  i  79 
    ii  114 
    zoological characteristics of  ii  115 
    mammalia of  ii  115 
    birds of  ii  116 
    reptiles of  ii  119 
    amphibia of  ii  120 
    fresh water fishes of  ii  120 
    summary of vertebrata of  ii  120 
    insects of  ii  122 
    land and fresh water shells of  ii  124 
    sub regions of  ii  125 
    concluding remarks on  ii  138 
    tables of distribution of animals of  ii  139 
 
  Nearctic and Neotropical regions  no decided boundary between  ii  117 
 
   Nebria   ii  489 
 
   Necrornis   European Miocene  i  161 
 
  NECTARINIID    ii  276 
 
   Nectarinia   ii  276 
 
   Nectarophila   ii  276 
 
   Nectogale   ii  190 
 
   Necydalis   ii  502 
 
   Necyria   ii  476 
 
   Nelicurvius   ii  286 
 
   Nemachilus   ii  453 
 
   Nematogenys   ii  444 
 
  NEMEOBIID    ii  475 
 
   Nemeobius   ii  475 
 
  NEMORHEDIN    ii  224 
 
   Nemorhedus   ii  224 
 
   Nemoricola   ii  290 
 
   Nemosia   ii  99 
 
   Neobatrachus   ii  420 
 
   Neochloe   ii  280 
 
   Neocorys   ii  290 
 
   Neoctantes   ii  104 
 
   Neomeris   ii  209 
 
   Neomorphus   ii  309 
 
   Neophasia   ii  478 
 
   Neophron   ii  346 
 
   Neopipo   ii  102 
 
   Neopus   ii  348 
 
   Neorhynchus   ii  285 
 
   Neosorex   ii  191 
 
   Neotoma   ii  230 
 
   Neotomys   ii  230 
 
   Neotragus   ii  224 
 
  Neotropical region  defined  i  78 
    subdivisions of  i  78 
    relations of W  African sub region with  i  265 
    description of  ii  1 
    zoological features of  ii  5 
    birds of  ii  6  7 
    distinctive features of mammalia of  ii  6 
    reptiles of  ii  9 
    amphibia of  ii  11 
    fresh water fishes of  ii  12 
    summary of vertebrates of  ii  13 
    insects of  ii  13 
    land shells of  ii  19 
    marine shells of  ii  20 
    summary of past history of  ii  80 
    tables of distribution of animals of  ii  84 
 
  Neotropical sub regions  ii  21 
 
   Neoziphius   ii  208 
 
   Neph  cetes   ii  320 
 
   Neptis   ii  474 
 
  NERITID    ii  510 
 
   Neritina   ii  510 
 
   Nerophis   ii  457 
 
   Nesoceleus   ii  303 
 
   Nesocichla   ii  256 
 
   Nesodon   S  American Pliocene  i  147 
 
   Nesomys   ii  230 
 
   Nesonetta   ii  364 
 
   Nesopsar   ii  282 
 
   Nessia   ii  399 
 
   Nestor   ii  329 
 
  NESTORID    ii  329 
 
   Nettapus   ii  363 
 
   Neusterophis   ii  376 
 
  Newberry  Dr   on Cretaceous and Tertiary floras of N  America  ii  155 
 
  Newton  Professor  on position of  Menurid    and  Atrichiid     i  95 
    on birds of Iceland  i  198 
    on Neotropical sub regions  ii  25 
    on genus  Camptol  mus   ii  39 
    on peculiar genera of Nearctic and Neotropical birds  ii  118 
    on family  Panurid     ii  262 
 
   Newtonia   ii  270 
 
  Newts  ii  413 
 
  New Caledonia  birds of  i  444 
 
  New Guinea  zoology of  i  409 
    mammalia of  i  410 
    birds of  i  411 
    peculiarities of its ornithology  i  413 
    illustration of ornithology of  i  414 
    reptiles and amphibia of  i  415 
    insects of  i  416 
 
  New Zealand  objections to making a primary zoological region  i  62 
    extinct birds of  i  164 
    sub region  description of  i  449 
    compared with British Isles  i  449 
    mammalia of  i  451 
    islets of  i  453 
    illustration of ornithology of  i  455 
    reptiles of  i  456 
    amphibia of  i  457 
    fresh water fish of  i  457 
    insects of  i  458 
    Longicorns of  i  458 
    Myriapoda of  i  458 
    land shells of  i  459 
    ancient fauna of  i  460 
    origin of fauna of  i  460 
    poverty of insects in  i  462 
    relations of insect fauna and flora of  i  472 
 
   Nicator   ii  272 
 
  Nicobar Islands  their zoological relations  i  332 
 
  Nightingale  migration of the  i  21 
 
  Night jars  ii  319 
 
   Nigidius   ii  493 
 
   Nigrita   ii  286 
 
   Nilaus   ii  272 
 
   Niltava   ii  270 
 
   Ninox   ii  350 
 
   Nisa  tus   ii  348 
 
   Nisoides   ii  348 
 
   Nisoniades   ii  480 
 
  NOCTILIONID    ii  184 
 
  Nocturnal tree snakes  ii  379 
 
   Nonnula   ii  311 
 
   Norbea   ii  397 
 
  Norfolk Island  birds of  i  453 
 
  North Africa  zoological relations of  i  202 
 
  North America  remarks on Post Pliocene  fauna of  i  130 
    Post Pliocene fauna of  partly derived from S  America  i  131 
    extinct birds of  i  163 
 
  Northern Hemisphere  zoological importance of  ii  155 
 
  NOTACANTHI  ii  437 
 
   Notaden   ii  415 
 
   Notharctos   N  American Tertiary  i  133 
 
   Nothocerus   ii  344 
 
   Nothocrax   ii  343 
 
   Nothoprocta   ii  344 
 
   Nothura   ii  344 
 
  NOTIDANID    ii  461 
 
   Notiophilus   ii  489 
 
   Notodela   ii  259 
 
   Notoglanis   ii  443 
 
   Notonomus   ii  490 
 
  NOTOPTERID    ii  455 
 
   Notopholis   ii  391 
 
  Notornis of New Zealand  i  455 
 
   Notornis   ii  352 
 
   Nototherium   Australian Post Tertiary  i  157 
    ii  251 
 
   Nototrema   ii  418 
 
   Noturus   ii  442 
 
   Nucifraga   ii  273 
 
  NUCLEO BRANCHIATA  ii  531 
 
   Nucras   ii  391 
 
   Numenius   ii  353 
 
  NUMIDIN    ii  340 
 
   Numida   ii  340 
 
   Nuria   ii  452 
 
  Nuthatches  ii  265 
 
   Nutria   ii  199 
 
   Nyctala   ii  350 
 
   Nyctalatinus   ii  350 
 
   Nyctalemon   ii  482 
 
   Nyctalops   ii  350 
 
   Nyctea   ii  350 
 
   Nyctereutes   ii  197 
 
   Nycteris   ii  182 
 
   Nyctibius   ii  319 
 
   Nycticorax   ii  359 
 
   Nyctidromius   ii  320 
 
   Nyctiornis   ii  312 
 
   Nyctipithecus   ii  175 
 
   Nyctiprogne   ii  320 
 
   Nymphalis   ii  474 
 
  NYMPHALID    ii  473 
 
   Nymphicus   ii  325 
 
   Nymphidium   ii  476 
 
  O  
 
   Ochetobius   ii  452 
 
   Ochotherium   in Brazilian caves  i  145 
    ii  245 
 
   Ochth  ca   ii  100 
 
   Ochthodi  ta   ii  100 
 
   Octodontid     S  American Pliocene  i  147 
 
  OCTODONTID    ii  237 
 
   Octodon   ii  238 
 
  OCTOPODID    ii  505 
 
   Ocyalus   ii  282 
 
   Ocydromus   ii  352 
 
   Ocyphaps   ii  333 
 
   Odontochila   ii  486 
 
   Odontolabris   ii  493 
 
   Odontophorus   ii  339 
 
   Odontophrynus   ii  420 
 
   Oedemia   ii  364 
 
   Oedicnemis   ii  355 
 
   O  dura   ii  399 
 
   Oena   ii  332 
 
   Ogmodon   ii  383 
 
   Ogyris   ii  477 
 
   Oligdon   ii  375 
 
  OLIGODONTID    ii  374 
 
   Oligosarcus   ii  445 
 
   Olisthopus   ii  489 
 
   Olylogon   ii  418 
 
   Olyra   ii  442 
 
   Omaseus   ii  489 
 
   Ommatophoca   ii  204 
 
   Omolepida   ii  397 
 
   Omostenus   ii  492 
 
   Omphalotropis   ii  521 
 
   Omus   ii  487 
 
  ONCIDIAD    ii  517 
 
   Oncidium   ii  518 
 
   Onychodactylus   ii  413 
 
   Onychogale   ii  195 
 
   Onychogalea   ii  251 
 
   Onychognathus   ii  288 
 
   Onchorhynchus   ii  447 
 
   Oncostoma   ii  101 
 
  Ophidia  classification of  i  99 
 
  OPHIDIA  ii  372 
    remarks on the general distribution of  ii  386 
    fossil  ii  387 
 
  OPHIDIID    ii  440 
 
   Ophidium   ii  440 
 
  OPHIOCEPHALID    ii  435 
 
   Ophiodes   ii  397 
 
  OPHIOMORID    ii  398 
 
   Ophiomorus   ii  398 
 
   Ophiophagus   ii  383 
 
   Ophiops   ii  391 
 
   Ophioscincus   ii  397 
 
   Ophisaurus   ii  392 
 
   Ophites   ii  380 
 
   Ophonus   ii  489 
 
   Ophryodera   ii  487 
 
   Ophysia   ii  209 
 
  OPISTHO BRANCHIATA  ii  529 
 
  OPISTHOCOMI  ii  345 
 
   Opisthocomus   Brazilian caves  i  164 
    ii  345 
 
   Opisthodelphys   ii  418 
 
   Opisthostoma   ii  520 
 
   Opisthoporus   ii  520 
 
   Oporornis   ii  279 
 
   Opossum   extinct in European Miocene  i  121 
 
  Opossums  ii  248 
 
   Opsariichthys   ii  452 
 
   Opsiphanes   ii  472 
 
  Orang utan  ii  171 
 
   Orca   ii  209 
 
   Orcaella   ii  209 
 
   Orchesticus   ii  99 
 
   Orchilus   ii  101 
 
   Oreas   ii  223 
 
   Oreicola   ii  260 
 
   Oreinus   ii  452 
 
   Oreocephalus   ii  401 
 
   Oreocincla   ii  256 
 
   Oreodeira   ii  401 
 
   Oreodon   N  American Tertiary  i  138 
 
   Oreodontid     N  American Tertiary  i  138 
 
   Oreoeca   ii  271 
 
   Oreomanes   ii  278 
 
   Oreonectes   ii  453 
 
   Oreonympha   ii  108 
 
   Oreoperdix   ii  338 
 
  OREOPHASIN    ii  343 
 
   Oreophasis   ii  343 
 
   Oreophilus   ii  356 
 
   Oreopyra   ii  107 
 
   Oreortyx   ii  339 
 
   Oreoscoptes   ii  256 
 
   Oreothraupis   ii  99 
 
   Oreotrochilus   ii  107 
 
   Orestias   ii  450 
 
  Oriental region  defined  i  75 
    subdivisions of  i  75 
    description of  i  314 
    zoological features of  i  315 
    mammalia of  i  315 
    birds of  i  316 
    reptiles of  i  317 
    amphibia of  i  317 
    fresh water fishes of  i  318 
    summary of vertebrata of  i  318 
    insects of  i  318 
    sub regions of  i  321 
    concluding remarks on  i  362 
    tables of distribution of animals of  i  364 
 
  Oriental relations of W  African sub region  i  265 
 
  Oriental and Pal  arctic faunas once identical  i  362 
 
  Oriental and Ethiopian faunas  cause of their resemblances  i  363 
 
   Origma   ii  260 
 
   Oriocalotes   ii  402 
 
  Orioles  ii  268 
 
  ORIOLID    ii  268 
 
   Oriolus   ii  268 
 
   Orites   ii  266 
 
   Ornithion   ii  101 
 
  ORNITHORHYNCHID    ii  253 
 
   Ornithorhynchus   ii  253 
 
   Oroc  tes   ii  256 
 
   Orohippus   N  American Tertiary  i  136 
 
   Ortalida   ii  343 
 
   Orthagoriscus   ii  457 
 
   Orthalicus   ii  516 
 
  ORTHID    ii  532 
 
  ORTHOCERATID    ii  506 
 
   Orthodon   ii  452 
 
   Orthogonius   ii  491 
 
   Orthogonys   ii  98 
 
   Orthonyx   ii  260 
 
   Orthorhynchus   ii  108 
 
   Orthotomus   ii  257 
 
   Ortygometra   ii  352 
 
   Ortygornis   ii  338 
 
   Ortyx   ii  339 
 
   Ortyxelos   ii  341 
 
  ORYCTEROPODID    ii  246 
 
   Orycteropus   ii  246 
 
   Orycterus   ii  231 
 
  ORYGIN    ii  223 
 
   Oryx   ii  223 
 
   Oryzoborus   ii  285 
 
   Oryzorictes   ii  188 
 
   Osmerus   ii  447 
 
   Osphranter   ii  251 
 
   Osteobrama   ii  453 
 
   Osteochilus   ii  451 
 
   Osteogeniosus   ii  443 
 
  OSTEOGLOSSID    ii  454 
 
   Osteoglossum   ii  454 
 
   Ostinops   ii  282 
 
  OSTREID    ii  533 
 
   Ostrich   Miocene of N  India  i  162 
 
  Ostriches  ii  368 
 
   Otaria   European Miocene  i  118 
    ii  202 
 
  OTARIID    ii  202 
 
  OTIDID    ii  356 
 
   Otidiphaps   ii  333 
 
   Otilophus   ii  415  428 
 
   Otis   ii  356 
 
   Otocorys   ii  289 
 
   Otocryptis   ii  402 
 
   Otogyps   ii  346 
 
   Otomys   ii  230 
 
   Otopoma   ii  521 
 
   Ovibos   N  American Post Pliocene  i  130 
    ii  224  225 
 
  Owl parrot  ii  329 
 
  Owls  ii  350 
 
  Oxen  birth place and migrations of  i  155 
    Pal  arctic  i  182 
    ii  221 
 
  OXUDERCID    ii  431 
 
   Oxy  na   N  American Tertiary  i  134 
 
   Oxydoras   ii  443 
 
   Oxyglossus   ii  421 
 
   Oxygomphus   European Miocene  i  118 
    ii  186 
 
   Oxylabes   ii  262 
 
   Oxymycterus   in Brazilian caves  i  145 
    S  American Pliocene  i  147 
    ii  230  231 
 
   Oxynotus   ii  269 
 
   Oxypogon   ii  108 
 
  OXYRHAMPHID    ii  292 
 
   Oxyrhamphus   ii  292 
 
   Oxyrhopus   ii  379 
 
   Oxyurus   ii  103 
 
  Oysters  ii  533 
 
  P  
 
   Pachybatrachus   ii  416 
 
   Pachycephala   ii  271 
 
  PACHYCEPHALID    ii  271 
 
   Pachydactylus   ii  400 
 
   Pachy  na   N  American Tertiary  i  134 
 
   Pachyglossa   ii  277 
 
   Pachynolophus   European Eocene  i  126 
 
   Pachyrhamphus   ii  102 
 
   Pachyrhynchus   ii  391 
 
   Pachyteles   ii  490  492 
 
   Pachytherium   in Brazilian caves  i  145 
    ii  246 
 
   Pachyura   ii  191 
 
   P  ocephalus   ii  328 
 
   P  cilus   ii  489 
 
   Pagellus   ii  427 
 
   Pagomys   ii  204 
 
   Pagophila   ii  364 
 
   Pagophilus   ii  204 
 
   Paguma   ii  195 
 
  PAICTID    ii  298 
 
  Pal  arctic region  ancient limits of  ii  157 
    defined  i  171 
    subdivisions of  i  71 
    general features of  i  180 
    zoological charcteristics of  i  181 
    has few peculiar families  i  181 
    mammalia of  i  181 
    birds of  i  182 
    high degree of speciality of  i  184 
    reptiles and amphibia of  i  186 
    fresh water fish of  i  186 
    summary of vertebrata of  i  186 
    insects of  i  186 
    coleoptera of  i  187 
    number of coleoptera of  i  189 
    land shells of  i  190 
    sub regions of  i  190 
    general conclusions on the fauna of  i  231 
    tables of distribution of animals of  i  233 
 
   Pal  acodon   N  American Tertiary  i  133 
 
   Pal  etus   European Miocene  i  162 
 
   Pal  githalus   European Eocene  i  162 
 
   Pal  lodus   European Miocene  i  162 
 
   Pal  ocastor   N  American Tertiary  i  140 
    ii  234 
 
   Pal  ocercus   European Miocene  i  162 
 
   Pal  ochoerus   European Miocene  i  119 
    ii  215 
 
   Pal  ocyon   ii  198 
 
   Pal  ohierax   European Miocene  i  162 
 
   Pal  olagus   N  American Tertiary  i  140 
 
   Pal  olama   S  American Pliocene  i  147 
    ii  217 
 
   Pal  omephitis   European Miocene  i  118 
    ii  200 
 
   Pal  omeryx   European Miocene  i  120 
    ii  220 
 
   Pal  omys   European Miocene  i  121 
    ii  238 
 
   Pal  ontina oolitica   Oolitic insect  i  167 
 
  Pal  ontology  i  107 
    how best studied in its bearing on geographical distribution  i  168 
    as an introduction to the study of geographical distribution  
      concluding remarks on  i  169 
 
   Pal  onyctis   European Eocene  i  125 
 
   Pal  operdix   European Miocene  i  161 
 
   Pal  ophrynus   European Miocene  i  166 
 
   Pal  oreas   Miocene of Greece  i  116 
 
   Pal  ornis   ii  326 
 
  PAL  ORNITHID    ii  326 
 
   Pal  onyctis   ii  196  206 
 
   Pal  ortyx   European Miocene  i  161 
 
   Pal  oryx   Miocene of Greece  i  116 
 
   Pal  ospalax   i  111 
    European Miocene  i  117 
    ii  190 
 
   Pal  osyops   N  American Tertiary  i  136 
 
   Pal  otherid     European Eocene  i  125 
 
   Pal  otherium   Enropean Eocene  i  125 
    S  American Eocene  i  148 
 
   Pal  otragus   Miocene of Greece  i  116 
 
   Pal  otringa   N  American Cretaceous  i  164 
 
   Palamedea   ii  361 
 
  PALAMEDEID    ii  361 
 
   Palapterygid    of New Zealand  i  164 
 
  PALAPTERYGID    ii  370 
 
   Palapteryx   ii  370 
 
  Palestine  birds of  i  203 
 
   Pallasia   ii  289 
 
   Paloplotherium   European Miocene  i  119 
    European Eocene  i  125 
 
   Paludicola   ii  416 
 
   Paludina   Eocene  i  169 
    European Secondary  i  169 
    ii  510 
 
  PALUDINID    ii  510 
 
  Pampas  Pliocene deposits of  i  146 
 
   Pamphila   ii  480 
 
  Panda  of Nepaul and E  Thibet  i  222 
    Himalayan  figure of  i  331 
    ii  201 
 
   Pandion   ii  349 
 
  PANDIONID    ii  349 
 
   Pangasius   ii  442 
 
   Pangolin   ii  245 
 
   Panolax   N  American Tertiary  i  140 
 
   Panopoea   ii  536 
 
   Panoplites   ii  107 
 
   Panterpe   ii  109 
 
   Panthalops   ii  223 
 
  PANURID    ii  262 
 
   Panurus   ii  262 
 
   Panychlora   ii  109 
 
   Panyptila   ii  320 
 
  Paper Nautilus  ii  505 
 
   Paphia   ii  474 
 
   Papilio   ii  479 
 
  PAPILIONID    ii  479 
 
  Papuan Islands  zoology of  i  409 
 
   Paracanthobrama   ii  452 
 
   Paradigalla   ii  275 
 
   Paradiplomystax   ii  443 
 
   Paradisea   ii  274 
 
  Paradise bird  twelve wired  figure of  i  414 
 
  Paradise birds  ii  274 
 
  PARADISEID    ii  274 
 
  PARADISEIN    ii  274 
 
   Paradoxornis   ii  262 
 
   Paradoxurus   ii  195 
 
   Parahippus   N  American Tertiary  i  136 
 
   Paralabraz   ii  425 
 
   Paramys   N  American Eocene  i  140 
    ii  236 
 
   Parandra   ii  501 
 
   Paraphoxinus   ii  452 
 
   Pardalotus   ii  277 
 
   Pareas   ii  380 
 
   Parodon   ii  445 
 
   Pareudiastes   ii  352 
 
  PARID    ii  265 
 
   Pariodon   ii  444 
 
   Parisoma   ii  266 
 
   Parmacella   ii  517 
 
   Parmarion   ii  517 
 
   Parmophorus   ii  511 
 
   Parnassius   ii  479 
 
   Paroaria   ii  284 
 
   Parotia   ii  274 
 
   Parra   ii  355 
 
  PARRID    ii  354 
 
  Parroquet  Papuan  figure of  i  415 
 
  Parrots  classification of  i  96 
    ii  324  329 
 
  Partridges  ii  338 
 
   Partula   ii  515 
 
   Parula   ii  279 
 
   Parus   ii  265 
 
   Pasimachus   ii  490 
 
   Passerculus   ii  284 
 
   Passerella   ii  284 
 
  Passeres  arrangement of  i  94 
    range of Pal  arctic genera of  i  243 
    range of Ethiopian genera of  i  306 
    range of Oriental genera of  i  375 
    range of Australian genera of  i  478 
 
  PASSERES  ii  255 
    general remarks on the distribution of  ii  299 
 
   Passerita   ii  379 
 
   Pastor   ii  287 
 
   Patagona   ii  108 
 
   Patella   ii  539 
 
  PATELLID    ii  511 
 
   Patriofelis   N  American Tertiary  i  134 
 
   Patrobus   ii  489 
 
   Pauxi   ii  343 
 
   Pavo   ii  340 
 
  PAVONIN    ii  340 
 
   Paxillus   ii  520 
 
  Pearl oysters  ii  533 
 
  Pease  Mr  Harper  on Polynesian region of Land shells  ii  528 
 
  Peccaries  ii  215 
 
   Pectinator   ii  238 
 
  Peculiar groups  geographically  how defined  ii  184 
 
   Pedetes   ii  232 
 
  PEDICULATI  ii  431 
 
   Pedioc  tes   ii  339 
 
   Pedionomus   ii  356 
 
  PEGASID    ii  456 
 
   Pelagius   ii  204 
 
   Pelagornis   European Miocene  i  162 
 
   Pelamis   ii  384 
 
   Pelargopsis   ii  316 
 
   Pelea   ii  224 
 
  PELECANID    ii  365 
 
   Pelecanoides   ii  365 
 
   Pelecanus   ii  365 
 
   Pelecium   ii  490 
 
   Pelecus   ii  453 
 
  Pelicans  ii  365 
 
   Peliperdix   ii  338 
 
   Pellorneum   ii  261 
 
   Pelobates   ii  417 
 
  PELODRYAD    ii  418 
 
   Pelodryas   ii  418 
 
   Pelodytes   ii  421 
 
   Pelomedusa   ii  409 
 
   Pelomys   ii  230 
 
   Pelonax   N  American Tertiary  i  138 
 
   Peloperdix   ii  338 
 
   Pelotrophus   ii  453 
 
   Peltaphryne   ii  415 
 
   Peltocephalus   ii  408 
 
   Peltopelor   ii  385 
 
   Peltops   ii  270 
 
   Penelope   ii  343 
 
   Penelopides   ii  317 
 
   Penelopina   ii  343 
 
  PENELOPIN    ii  343 
 
   Penetes   ii  472 
 
  Penguins  ii  366 
 
   Pentadactylus   ii  399 
 
   Pentila   ii  477 
 
   Peragalea   ii  250 
 
   Perameles   ii  250 
 
  PERAMELID    ii  250 
 
   Peratherium   European Miocene  i  121 
    European Eocene  i  126 
    ii  249 
 
   Perca   ii  425 
 
   Percarina   i  425 
 
   Perchoerus   N  American Tertiary  i  137 
    ii  215 
 
   Percilia   ii  425 
 
   Percichthys   ii  425 
 
  PERCID    ii  425 
 
   Percnostola   ii  104 
 
  PERCOPSID    ii  448 
 
   Percus   ii  489 
 
   Perdix   ii  338 
 
   Pericallus   ii  490 
 
   Pericrocotus   ii  268 
 
   Peridexia   ii  487 
 
  Perim Island  extinct mammalia of  i  122 
    probable southern limit of old Pal  arctic land  i  362 
    character of fossils of  ii  157 
 
   Periopthalmus   ii  430 
 
   Perisoreus   ii  273 
 
   Perissodactyla   N  American Tertiary  i  135 
 
   Perissoglossa   ii  279 
 
   Peristera   ii  333 
 
   Peristethus   ii  428 
 
  Periwinkle  ii  510 
 
   Pernis   ii  349 
 
   Perodicticus   ii  176 
 
   Perognathus   ii  233 
 
   Peropus   ii  399 
 
  Persia  birds of  i  204 
 
   Petasophora   ii  108 
 
   Petaurista   ii  252 
 
   Petenia   ii  438 
 
   Petrochelidon   ii  281 
 
   Petrodromus   ii  186 
 
  Petrels  ii  365 
 
   Petroeca   ii  260 
 
   Petrogale   ii  251 
 
   Petromys   ii  239 
 
   Petrophassa   ii  333 
 
   Petrorhynchus   ii  208 
 
   Petroscirtes   ii  431 
 
   Peuc  a   ii  284 
 
   Pezophaps   ii  334 
 
   Pezoporus   ii  325 
 
   Pfeifferia   ii  516 
 
   Phacellodomus   ii  103 
 
   Phacochoerus   ii  215 
 
   Ph  nicopha  s   ii  309 
 
   Ph  nicophilus   ii  99 
 
   Ph  nicothraupis   ii  98 
 
   Ph  nopepla   ii  280 
 
   Ph  ochroa   ii  107 
 
   Ph  ol  ma   ii  107 
 
   Ph  optila   ii  109 
 
   Pha  thornis   ii  107 
 
   Phaeton   ii  365 
 
   Phalacrocorax   ii  365 
 
  Phalangers  ii  251 
 
   Phalangista   ii  252 
 
  Phalangistid    ii  251 
 
   Phalaropus   ii  353 
 
   Phapitreron   ii  333 
 
   Phaps   ii  333 
 
   Pharomacrus   ii  314 
 
   Phascogale   ii  249 
 
   Phascolarctos   ii  252 
 
  PHASCOLOMYID    ii  252 
 
   Phascolomys   Australian Post Tertiary  i  157 
 
  PHASIANID    ii  339 
 
  PHASIANIN    ii  340 
 
   Phasianus   Miocene of Greece  i  116 
    European Post Pliocene  i  161 
    ii  340 
 
   Phasidus   ii  340 
 
   Phatagin   ii  245 
 
  Pheasants  in European Miocene  i  161 
    golden  of N  China  i  226 
    eared  of Mongolia  i  226 
    ii  339 
 
   Phedina   ii  281 
 
   Phelsuma   ii  400 
 
   Phenacodus   N  American Tertiary  i  138 
 
   Pheropsophus   ii  489 
 
   Pheucticus   ii  285 
 
   Phibalura   ii  102 
 
   Philagetes   ii  502 
 
   Philemon   ii  276 
 
   Philentoma   ii  271 
 
   Philepitta   ii  298 
 
   Philet  rus   ii  286 
 
   Philodryas   ii  376 
 
  Philippine Islands  mammals of  i  345 
    birds of  i  346 
    origin of peculiar fauna of  i  448 
 
   Philohela   ii  353 
 
   Philomycus   ii  517 
 
   Philydor   ii  103 
 
  PHILYDORIN    ii  295 
 
   Phl  omys   ii  230 
 
   Phl  ocryptes   ii  103 
 
   Phlogoenas   ii  333 
 
   Phlogophilus   ii  108 
 
   Phlogopsis   ii  104 
 
   Phlogothraupis   ii  98  283 
 
   Phoca   ii  204 
 
   Phoc  na   ii  209 
 
   Phocid     N  American Tertiary  i  140 
 
  PHOCID    ii  203 
 
   Phodilus   ii  350 
 
   Phoenicocercus   ii  102  293 
 
   Phoenicopha  s   ii  309 
 
  PHOENICOPTERID    ii  361 
 
   Phoenicopterus   ii  361 
 
  PHOLADID    ii  537 
 
   Pholadomya   ii  536 
 
   Pholeoptynx   ii  350 
 
   Pholidotus   ii  245 
 
   Pholidotus   ii  493 
 
   Phonipara   ii  284 
 
   Phorus   ii  510 
 
   Phos   ii  507 
 
   Phractocephalus   ii  442 
 
   Phrygilus   ii  284 
 
  PHRYNISCID    ii  414 
 
   Phryniscus   ii  414 
 
   Phrynobatrachus   ii  421 
 
   Phrynocephalus   ii  402 
 
   Phrynoglossus   ii  421 
 
   Phrynorhombus   ii  441 
 
   Phrynosoma   ii  401 
 
   Phycis   ii  439 
 
   Phyllastrephus   ii  267 
 
  PHYLLIDIAD    ii  530 
 
   Phyllobates   ii  419 
 
   Phyllodactylus   ii  399 
 
   Phyllomedusa   ii  418 
 
   Phyllomyias   ii  101 
 
   Phyllomys   in Brazilian caves  i  145 
    ii  239 
 
   Phyllornis   ii  267 
 
  PHYLLORNITHID    ii  267 
 
   Phylloscartes   ii  101 
 
  PHYLLOSCOPIN    ii  257 
 
   Phylloscopus   ii  258 
 
   Phyllostomid     in Brazilian caves  i  144 
 
  PHYLLOSTOMID    ii  181 
 
   Phyllurus   ii  400 
 
  PHYLLYRHOID    ii  530 
 
   Phymaturus   ii  401 
 
   Physa   ii  518 
 
   Physalus   ii  207 
 
   Physeter   European Pliocene  i  112 
    ii  208 
 
  Physical changes affecting distribution  i  7 
 
   Physignathus   ii  402 
 
  PHYSOSTOMI  ii  441 
 
   Phytala   ii  477 
 
   Phytotoma   ii  294 
 
  PHYTOTOMID    ii  294 
 
   Phyton   ii  502 
 
   Piabuca   ii  445 
 
   Piabucina   ii  445 
 
   Piaya   ii  309 
 
   Pica   ii  273 
 
  Picari    arrangement of  i  95 
    range of Pal  arctic genera of  i  247 
    range of Ethiopian genera of  i  309 
    range of Oriental genera of  i  381 
    range of Australian genera of  i  482 
 
  PICARI    ii  302 
    general remarks on the distribution of  ii  322 
 
   Picathartes   ii  274 
 
   Picicorvus   ii  273 
 
  PICID    ii  302 
 
   Picoides   ii  303 
 
   Picolaptes   ii  103 
 
   Picumnus   ii  303 
 
   Picus   European Miocene  i  161 
    ii  303 
 
  PIERID    ii  478 
 
   Pieris   ii  478 
 
   Piezia   ii  491 
 
  Pigeons  classification of  i  96 
    remarkable development of  in the Australian region  i  395 
    crested  of Australia  figure of  i  441 
    ii  331 
    abundant in islands  ii  335 
 
  Pigs  power of swimming  i  13 
 
  Pikas  ii  242 
 
  Pike  ii  449 
 
  Pikermi  Miocene fauna of  i  115 
 
  Pilchard  ii  454 
 
   Pileoma   ii  425 
 
   Pimelodus   ii  443 
 
   Pimephales   ii  452 
 
   Pinacodera   ii  490 
 
   Pinicola   ii  285 
 
   Pinulia   ii  191 
 
   Pionus   ii  328 
 
   Pipa   ii  422 
 
  PIPID    ii  421 
 
   Pipile   i  343 
 
   Pipilo   ii  284 
 
  Piping crows  ii  273 
 
   Pipra   ii  102  292 
 
   Pipreola   ii  102 
 
  PIPRID    ii  102 
 
   Pipridea   ii  98 
 
   Piprisoma   ii  277 
 
   Piprites   ii  102  292 
 
   Piramutana   ii  442 
 
   Piratinga   ii  443 
 
   Pirinampus   ii  443 
 
   Pitangus   ii  101 
 
   Pithecia   ii  175 
 
   Pithecopsis   ii  420 
 
   Pithys   ii  104 
 
   Pitta   ii  298 
 
  Pittas  ii  297 
 
   Pittasoma   ii  104 
 
  Pittid    abundant in Borneo  i  355 
 
  PITTID    ii  297 
 
   Pituophis   ii  375 
 
  Pit vipers  ii  384 
 
   Pitylus   ii  99 
 
   Pityriasis   ii  273 
 
   Plagiodontia   ii  238 
 
   Plagiolophus   European Eocene  i  126 
 
   Plagiotelium   ii  492 
 
  PLAGIOSTOMATA  ii  460 
 
   Planetes   ii  490 
 
   Planorbis   European Secondary  i  169 
    Eocene  i  169 
    ii  518 
 
  Plantain eaters  ii  307 
 
  Plant cutters  ii  294 
 
  Plants  distribution of  probably the same fundamentally as that of 
      animals  ii  162 
 
   Platacanthomys   ii  230 
 
   Platalea   ii  360 
 
  PLATALEID    ii  360 
 
   Platanista   ii  209 
 
   Platemys   ii  408 
 
   Platurus   ii  384 
 
   Platycercid     gorgeously coloured Australian parrots  i  394 
 
  PLATYCERCID    ii  325 
 
   Platycercus   ii  325 
 
   Platychile   ii  487 
 
   Platygonus   N  American Post Pliocene  i  130 
    ii  215 
 
   Platylophus   ii  273 
 
   Platymantis   ii  419 
 
   Platynematichthys   ii  442 
 
   Platynus   ii  489 
 
   Platypoecilus   ii  450 
 
  PLATYRHYNCHIN    ii  291 
 
   Platyrhynchus   ii  101 
 
   Platysaurus   ii  392 
 
   Platysoma   ii  489 
 
   Platystira   ii  271 
 
   Platystoma   ii  442 
 
   Platystomatichthys   ii  442 
 
   Plecoglossus   ii  447 
 
   Plecostomus   ii  444 
 
   Plecotus   ii  183 
 
  PLECTOGNATHI  ii  457 
 
  PLECTROMANTID    ii  417 
 
   Plectromantis   ii  417 
 
   Plectrophanes   ii  286 
 
   Plectropterus   ii  363 
 
   Plectrotrema   ii  519 
 
   Plecturus   ii  374 
 
   Plesiarctomys   European Eocene  i  126 
    ii  236 
 
   Plesiomeryx   European Eocene  i  126 
 
   Plesiosorex   European Miocene  i  118 
 
   Plestiodon   ii  397 
 
   Plethodon   ii  413 
 
  PLEUROBRANCHID    ii  530 
 
   Pleurodeles   ii  413 
 
   Pleurodema   ii  420 
 
   Pleuronectes   ii  441 
 
  PLEURONECTID    ii  440 
 
   Pleurostrichus   ii  392 
 
   Pleurotoma   ii  508 
 
   Pleurotomaria   ii  539 
 
  Pliocene period  Old World  mammalia of  i  112 
 
  Pliocene and Post Pliocene faunas of Europe  general conclusions from  i  
      113 
    of N  America  i  132 
    of S  America  i  146 
    of Australia  i  157 
 
   Pliohippus   N  American Tertiary  i  135 
 
   Pliolophus   European Eocene  i  126 
    ii  216 
 
   Pliopithecus   European Miocene  i  117 
    ii  178 
 
  PLOCEID    ii  286 
 
   Plocepasser   ii  286 
 
   Ploceus   ii  286 
 
   Plotosus   ii  441 
 
   Plotus   ii  365 
 
  Plovers  ii  355 
 
   Pluvianellus   ii  356 
 
   Pluvianus   ii  355 
 
  PLYCTOLOPHID    ii  324 
 
   Pnoepyga   ii  263 
 
   Podabrus   ii  249 
 
   Podager   ii  320 
 
  PODARGID    ii  318 
 
   Podargus   ii  318 
 
   Podica   ii  352 
 
   Podiceps   ii  367 
 
  PODICIPID    ii  366 
 
   Podilymbus   ii  367 
 
   Podocnemis   ii  408 
 
   Poebrotherium   N  American Tertiary  i  138 
    ii  217 
 
   Poecilia   ii  450 
 
   Poecilophis   ii  383 
 
   Poecilothraupis   ii  98 
 
   Poephagus   ii  222 
 
   Poephila   ii  287 
 
   Pogonocichla   ii  271 
 
  POGONORHYNCHIN    ii  306 
 
   Pogonorhynchus   ii  306 
 
   Pogonornis   ii  275 
 
   Pogonostoma   ii  487 
 
   Pogonotriccus   ii  101 
 
   Pohlia   ii  418 
 
   Poiana   ii  195 
 
   Polemistria   ii  107 
 
   Polioa  tus   ii  349 
 
   Poliococcyx   ii  309 
 
   Poliohierax   ii  349 
 
   Poliopsitta   ii  328 
 
   Polioptila   ii  258 
 
   Pollanisus   ii  481 
 
  POLYBORIN    ii  347 
 
   Polyboroides   ii  347 
 
   Polyborus   ii  347 
 
   Polybothris   ii  497 
 
  POLYCENTRID    ii  434 
 
   Polycesta   ii  479 
 
  POLYDONTID    ii  459 
 
   Polyhirma   ii  491 
 
  POLYNEMID    ii  429 
 
   Polyommatus   ii  477 
 
  Polynesian sub region  description of  i  442 
    birds of  i  443 
    reptiles of  i  447 
 
   Polypedates   ii  419 
 
  POLYPEDATID    ii  419 
 
   Polypi   ii  505 
 
   Polyplectron   ii  340 
 
   Polyprion   ii  425 
 
  POLYPTERID    ii  458 
 
   Polypterus   ii  458 
 
   Polytelis   ii  325 
 
   Pomacanthus   ii  427 
 
  POMACENTRID    ii  437 
 
   Pomacentrus   ii  437 
 
   Pomatias   ii  521 
 
   Pomatorhinus   ii  261 
 
   Pomotis   ii  425 
 
   Pompholyx   ii  518 
 
   Pontia   ii  478 
 
   Pontoporia   ii  209 
 
   Pooecetes   ii  284 
 
   Poodytes   ii  258 
 
   Poospiza   ii  284 
 
  Porcupines  ii  240 
 
   Poritia   ii  477 
 
   Porphyrio   ii  352 
 
  Porpoises  ii  208 
 
   Portax   ii  223 
 
   Porzana   ii  352 
 
  Post Pliocene  mammalia of Europe  i  110 
    remains imply changes of physical geography in Europe  i  111 
    fauna of N  America  i  129 
    fauna of N  America  remarks on  i  130 
 
   Potamides   ii  509 
 
   Potamochoerus   ii  215 
 
   Potamodus   ii  258 
 
  Potamogale of W  Africa  figure of  i  264 
 
   Potamogale   ii  189 
 
  POTAMOGALID    ii  189 
 
   Potamotherium   European Miocene  i  118 
    ii  200 
 
  Potto of W  Africa  figure of  i  264 
    ii  176 
 
  Pouched Rats  ii  233 
 
   Praotherium   N  American Post Pliocene  i  130 
 
   Pratincola   ii  260 
 
  Pratincoles  ii  355 
 
   Presbytes   ii  171 
 
   Prepona   ii  474 
 
  Primates  classification of  i  86 
    probable birthplace of  i  153 
    range of Pal  arctic genera of  i  239 
    range of Ethiopian genera of  i  300 
    range of Oriental genera of  i  371 
    range of Australian genera of  i  475 
 
   Primates   European Pliocene  i  112 
    Miocene of Greece  i  115 
    European Miocene  i  117 
    Indian Miocene  i  121 
    European Eocene  i  124 
    N  American Tertiary  i  132 
    of Brazilian caves  i  144 
 
  PRIMATES  distribution of  ii  170 180 
    general remarks on the distribution of  ii  179 
    summary and conclusion  ii  540 
 
  Prince s Island  birds of  i  206 
 
   Prinia   ii  257 
 
   Prion   ii  365 
 
   Prioneris   ii  478 
 
  PRIONID    ii  498 
 
   Prionidium   Oolitic insects  i  167 
 
   Prionirhynchus   ii  313 
 
   Prioniturus   ii  326 
 
   Prionochilus   ii  277 
 
   Prionodontes   ii  246 
 
   Prionops   ii  272 
 
   Prionoteles   ii  314 
 
  PRISTID    ii  462 
 
   Pristimantis   ii  419 
 
  PRISTIOPHORID    ii  462 
 
   Pristiphoca   in European Pliocene  i  112 
    ii  204 
 
  PRISTIPOMATID    ii  426 
 
   Pristiurus   ii  461 
 
   Pristonychus   ii  489 
 
   Proboscidea   classification of  i  90 
    range of Ethiopian genus  i  303 
    range of Oriental genus  i  374 
 
   Proboscidea   European Pliocene  i  113 
    Miocene of Greece  i  116 
    European Miocene  i  120 
    Indian Miocene  i  122 
    N  American Post Pliocene  i  130 
    N  American Tertiary i  138 
    of Brazilian caves  i  144 
    S  American Pliocene  i  147 
 
  PROBOSCIDEA  ii  227 
    summary and conclusion  ii  542 
 
   Procamelus   N  American Post Pliocene  i  130 
    N  American Tertiary  i  138 
    ii  217 
 
   Procapra   ii  223 
 
   Procarduelis   ii  283 
 
   Procellaria   ii  365 
 
  PROCELLARIID    ii  365 
 
   Procerus   ii  488 
    ii  489 
 
   Prochilodus   ii  445 
 
   Prochilus   ii  202 
 
   Procnias   ii  98 
 
   Procris   ii  481 
 
   Procrustes   ii  488 
    ii  489 
 
   Proctotretus   ii  401 
 
   Procyon   N  American Post Pliocene  i  130 
    ii  200 
 
   Procyonid     in Brazilian caves  i  144 
 
  PROCYONID    ii  200 
 
  PRODUCTID    ii  532 
 
   Progne   ii  281 
 
   Promecoderus   ii  490 
 
   Promephitis   Miocene of Greece  i  115 
    European Miocene  i  118 
    ii  200 
 
  Promerops of East Africa  figure of  i  261 
 
   Promerops   ii  276 
 
   Pronophilia   ii  471 
 
   Propal  otherium   European Eocene  i  126 
 
   Proparus   ii  266 
 
   Propyrrhula   ii  285 
 
   Prorastomus   ii  211 
 
   Proserpina   ii  527 
 
  PROSOBRANCHIATA  ii  507 
 
   Prosthemadera   ii  275 
 
  PROTEID    ii  412 
 
   Proteles   ii  196 
 
  PROTELID    ii  196 
 
   Protemnodon   Australian Post Tertiary  i  157 
    ii  251 
 
   Proteus   ii  412 
 
   Prothoe   ii  474 
 
   Protohippus   N  American Tertiary  i  135 
 
   Protomeryx   N  American Tertiary  i  138 
    ii  217 
 
   Protonopsis   ii  412 
 
   Protonotaria   ii  279 
 
   Protopithecus   in Brazilian caves  i  144 
    ii  178 
 
   Protopterus   ii  458 
 
   Protornis   European Eocene  i  162 
 
   Prototomus   N  American Tertiary  i  134 
 
   Prototroctes   ii  446 
 
   Psalidoprogne   ii  281 
 
   Psaltria   ii  266 
 
   Psaltriparus   ii  266 
 
   Psammodromus   ii  391 
 
   Psammodynastes   ii  377 
 
   Psammomys   ii  230 
 
  PSAMMOPHID    ii  377 
 
   Psammophis   ii  377 
 
   Psammosaurus   ii  389 
 
   Psarisomus   ii  295 
 
   Psephotus   ii  325 
 
   Pseudacris   ii  418 
 
   Pseud  lurus   European Miocene  i  118 
    ii  194 
 
   Pseudalopex   ii  197 
 
   Pseudecheneis   ii  444 
 
   Pseudechis   ii  383 
 
   Pseudeutropius   ii  442 
 
   Pseudis   ii  420 
 
   Pseudobagrus   ii  442 
 
   Pseudobias   ii  270 
 
   Pseudobufo   ii  415 
 
   Pseudochalceus   ii  445 
 
   Pseudochelidon   ii  312 
 
   Pseudocolaptes   ii  103 
 
   Pseudocordylus   ii  392 
 
   Pseudocyon   European Miocene  i  118 
    ii  198 
 
   Pseudodipsas   ii  477 
 
   Pseudogobio   ii  452 
 
   Pseudogryphis   ii  346 
 
   Pseudogyps   ii  346 
 
   Pseudohage   ii  383 
 
   Pseudolabuca   ii  453 
 
   Pseudoleistes   ii  282 
 
   Pseudomorpha   ii  490 
 
   Pseudomys   ii  230 
 
   Pseudonaje   ii  383 
 
   Pseudoperilampus   ii  452 
 
  PSEUDOPHIDIA  ii  411 
 
   Pseudophryne   ii  414 
 
   Pseudopontia   ii  478 
 
   Pseudopus   ii  392 
 
   Pseudorasbora   ii  452 
 
   Pseudorca   ii  209 
 
   Pseudoscops   ii  350 
 
   Pseudoxiphophorus   ii  450 
 
   Psilopogon   ii  306 
 
   Psiloptera   ii  497 
 
   Psilorhamphus   ii  104 
 
   Psilorhinus   ii  273 
 
   Psilorhynchus   ii  453 
 
  Psittaci  classification of  i  96 
    range of Ethiopian genera of  i  311 
    range of Oriental genera of  i  383 
    range of Australian genera of  i  484 
 
  PSITTACI  ii  324 
    general remarks on the distribution of  ii  329 
 
  PSITTACID    ii  328 
 
   Psittacula   ii  328 
 
   Psittacus   European Miocene  i  161 
    ii  328 
 
   Psittinus   ii  326 
 
   Psittirostra   ii  277 
 
   Psittospiza   ii  99 
 
   Psophia   ii  358 
 
  PSOPHIID    ii  358 
 
   Psophodes   ii  262 
 
  PSYCHROLUTID    ii  436 
 
   Pterocles   European Miocene  i  161 
    ii  337 
 
  PTEROCLID    ii  337 
 
   Pterocyclos   ii  520 
 
   Pterodon   European Miocene  i  125 
 
   Pteroglossus   ii  307 
 
   Pteromys   ii  235 
 
   Pteromyzon   ii  463 
 
  PTEROMYZONTID    ii  463 
 
   Pteronura   ii  199 
 
   Pterophanes   ii  108 
 
   Pterophyllum   ii  439 
 
  PTEROPID    ii  181 
 
  PTEROPODA  ii  531 
 
   Pteropodocys   ii  269 
 
  PTEROPTOCHID    ii  297 
 
   Pteroptochus   ii  297 
 
   Pterorhinus   ii  261 
 
   Pterosarion   ii  452 
 
   Pterostichus   ii  489 
 
   Pteruthius   ii  266 
 
   Pterygophlichthys   ii  444 
 
   Ptilocerus   ii  186 
 
   Ptilochloris   ii  102  293 
 
   Ptilogonys   ii  280 
 
   Ptilonorhynchus   ii  275 
 
   Ptilopachus   ii  338 
 
   Ptilopus   ii  332 
 
   Ptilorhis   ii  275 
 
   Ptilostomus   ii  273 
 
   Ptilotis   ii  275 
 
   Ptosima   ii  497 
 
   Ptyas   ii  375 
 
   Ptychobarbus   ii  452 
 
   Ptyonotus   ii  428 
 
   Pucrasia   ii  340 
 
  Puff birds  ii  310 
 
  Puffins  ii  367 
 
   Puffinus   ii  365 
 
  PULMONIFERA  ii  512 
 
   Pulsatrix   ii  350 
 
   Puncturella   ii  511 
 
   Pupa   Eocene  i  169 
 
   Pupa vetusta   Pal  ozoic  i  169 
 
   Pupa   ii  514 
 
   Pupina   ii  520 
 
   Pupinella   ii  520 
 
   Putorius   ii  198 
 
  PYCNONOTID    ii  267 
 
   Pycnonotus   ii  267 
 
   Pycnophrys   ii  270 
 
   Pyctorhis   ii  261 
 
   Pygarrhicus   ii  103 
 
   Pygmornis   ii  107 
 
   Pygomeles   ii  397 
 
  PYGOPODID    ii  395 
 
   Pygoptila   ii  104 
 
   Pygopus   ii  395 
 
  PYRAMIDELLID    ii  509 
 
   Pyrameis   ii  474 
 
   Pyranga   ii  98 
 
   Pyrenestes   ii  286 
 
   Pyrgisoma   ii  284 
 
   Pyrgita   ii  284 
 
   Pyriglena   ii  104 
 
   Pyrocephalus   ii  101  291 
 
   Pyroderus   ii  103 
 
   Pyromelana   ii  286 
 
   Pyrophthalma   ii  259 
 
   Pyrrhocoma   ii  99 
 
   Pyrrhospiza   ii  285 
 
   Pyrrhula   ii  285 
 
   Pyrrhulauda   ii  289 
 
   Pyrrhulina   ii  445 
 
   Pyrrhulopsis   ii  325 
 
   Pyrrhuloxia   ii  285 
 
   Pyrrhura   ii  328 
 
   Pytelia   ii  287 
 
   Python   ii  381 
 
   Pythonid     European Miocene  i  165 
 
  PYTHONID    ii  381 
 
   Pythonodipsas   ii  379 
 
   Pythonopsis   ii  376 
 
  Pythons  ii  381 
 
   Pyxicephalus   ii  420 
 
   Pyxis   ii  408 
 
  Q  
 
  Quadrumana  fossil  ii  178 
 
  Quail snipes  ii  354 
 
   Querquedula   ii  363 
 
   Querula   ii  102 
 
   Quiscalus   ii  282 
 
  R  
 
   Rachis   ii  524 
 
  Racoon dog of N  China  i  226 
 
  Racoons  ii  200 
 
   Raia   ii  462 
 
  RAIID    ii  462 
 
  Rails  ii  351 
 
  RALLID    ii  351 
 
   Rallina   ii  352 
 
   Rallus   ii  352 
 
   Rana   European Miocene  i  166 
    ii  420 
 
   Raniceps   ii  439 
 
  RANID    ii  420 
 
   Ranodon   ii  413 
 
   Rappia   ii  419 
 
   Rasbora   ii  452 
 
   Rasborichthys   ii  453 
 
  Rattle snakes  ii  384 
 
  Rays  ii  462 
 
   Realia   ii  521 
 
   Rectes   ii  272 
 
   Recurvirostra   ii  353 
 
   Regalecus   ii  432 
 
  Region  the best term for the primary zoological divisions  i  68 
    Arctic  why not adopted  i  69 
    Pal  arctic  defined  i  71 
    Pal  arctic  subdivisions of  i  71 
    Ethiopian  defined  i  73 
    Ethiopian  subdivisions of  i  73 
    Oriental  defined  i  75 
    Oriental  subdivisions of  i  75 
    Australian  defined  i  77 
    Australian  subdivisions of  i  77 
    Neotropical  defined  i  78 
    Neotropical  subdivisions of  i  78 
    Nearctic  defined  i  79 
    Nearctic  distinct from Pal  arctic  i  79 
    Nearctic  subdivisions of  i  80 
 
  Regions  zoological  i  50 
    zoological  how they should be formed  i  53 
    zoological  may be defined by negative or positive characters  i  54 
    zoological  by what class of animals best determined  i  56 
    for each class of animals  not advisable  i  58 
    zoological  proposed since 1857  i  58 
    zoological  Mr  Sclater s  i  59 
    zoological  discussion of those proposed by various authors  i  61 
    zoological  proportionate richness of  i  64 
    temperate and tropical  well marked in northern hemisphere  i  65 
    and zones  table of  i  66 
    comparative richness of  i  81 
    and sub regions  table of  i  81 
    order of succession of the  i  173 
 
   Registoma   ii  521 
 
   Reguloides   ii  258 
 
   Regulus   ii  258 
 
   Reinwardt  nas   ii  333 
 
   Reinwardtipicus   ii  303 
 
   Reithrodon   ii  230 
 
  Representative species  i  4 
 
  Reptiles  means of dispersal of  i  28 
    classification of  i  98 
    Miocene of Greece  i  116 
    of Indian Miocene deposits  i  123 
    extinct Tertiary  i  165 
    cosmopolitan groups of  i  176 
    peculiar to Pal  arctic region  i  186 
    of Central Europe  i  195 
    of the Mediterranean sub region  i  204 
    of the Siberian sub region  i  220 
    of the Manchurian sub region  i  227 
    table of Pal  arctic families of  i  236 
    of the Ethiopian region  i  254 
    of the E  African sub region  i  260 
    of W  Africa  i  264 
    S  African  i  268 
    of Madagascar  i  279 
    table of Ethiopian families of  i  297 
    of the Oriental region  i  317 
    of the Indian sub region  i  326 
    of Ceylon  i  327 
    of the Indo Chinese sub region  i  331 
    of the Indo Malay sub region  i  340 
    table of Oriental families of  i  368 
    of the Australian region  i  396 
    of New Guinea  i  415 
    of the Moluccas  i  420 
    of the Polynesian sub region  i  447 
    of New Zealand  i  456 
    table of Australian families of  i  472 
    Neotropical  ii  9 
    of S  Temperate America  ii  40 
    of the Mexican sub region  ii  54 
    of the Antilles  ii  72 
    table of Neotropical families of  ii  88 
    of the Nearctic region  ii  119 
    of California  ii  128 
    of Central N  America  ii  131 
    of Eastern United States  ii  133 
    of Canada  ii  137 
    table of Nearctic families of  ii  142 
    summary and conclusion  ii  547 
 
  REPTILIA  ii  372 
 
   Retropinna   ii  447 
 
  Revillagigedo Islands  zoology of  ii  60 
 
   Rhabdornis   ii  265 
 
   Rhabdosoma   ii  374 
 
  RACHIODONTID    ii  377 
 
   Rhacophorus   ii  419 
 
   Rhamnophis   ii  376 
 
  RHAMPHASTID    ii  306 
 
   Rhamphastos   ii  307 
 
   Rhamphichthys   ii  455 
 
   Rhamphoc  nus   ii  104 
 
   Rhamphococcyx   ii  309 
 
   Rhamphocinclus   ii  256 
 
   Rhamphocoelus   ii  98 
 
   Rhamphomicron   ii  108 
 
   Rhaphaulus   ii  520 
 
   Rhea   in Brazilian caves  i  164 
    ii  368 
 
   Rhinaster   ii  213 
 
   Rhinatrema   ii  411 
 
   Rhinechis   ii  376 
 
   Rhinelepis   ii  444 
 
   Rhinichthys   ii  452 
 
  RHINID    ii  462 
 
  RHINOBATID    ii  462 
 
   Rhinoceros   Post Pliocene  i  112 
    European Pliocene  i  113 
    Miocene of Greece  i  116 
    Indian Miocene  i  122 
    fossil remains of  at 16 000 feet elevation in Thibet  i  122 
    fossil in N  China  i  123 
    N  American Tertiary  i  136 
    ii  213 
 
  Rhinoceros hornbill  figure of  i  339 
 
   Rhinocerotid     N  American Tertiary  i  136 
 
  RHINOCEROTID    ii  213 
 
  RHINOCHETID    ii  359 
 
   Rhinochetus   ii  359 
 
   Rhinococcyx   ii  309 
 
   Rhinocrypta   ii  297 
 
   Rhinoderma   ii  416 
 
  RHINODONTID    ii  461 
 
   Rhinodoras   ii  443 
 
   Rhinogale   ii  195 
 
   Rhinoglanis   ii  443 
 
  RHINOLOPHID    ii  182 
 
   Rhinolophus   ii  183 
 
   Rhinophis   ii  374 
 
  RHINOPHRYNID    ii  414 
 
   Rhinophrynus   ii  414 
 
   Rhinoplax   ii  317 
 
   Rhinopoma   ii  183 
 
   Rhinortha   ii  309 
 
   Rhipidura   ii  271 
 
   Rhizomys   ii  231 
 
   Rhodeus   ii  452 
 
   Rhodinocincla   ii  256 
 
   Rhodona   ii  397 
 
   Rhodopis   ii  108 
 
   Rhodosttehia   ii  364 
 
   Rhombomys   ii  230 
 
   Rhombus   ii  441 
 
   Rhopodytes   ii  309 
 
   Rhopoterpe   ii  104 
 
   Rhynch  a   ii  353 
 
  RHYNCHOCEPHALID    ii  405 
 
  RHYNCHOCEPHALINA  ii  405 
 
   Rhynchocyon   ii  186 
 
   Rhynchocyclus   ii  101 
 
   Rhynchonella   ii  539 
 
  RHYNCHONELLID    ii  532 
 
   Rhynchops   ii  365 
 
   Rhynchopsitta   ii  328 
 
   Rhynchotus   ii  344 
 
   Rhytina   ii  210  211 
 
   Rhytiodus   ii  445 
 
   Ricinula   ii  507 
 
   Rimator   ii  263 
 
   Rimula   ii  511 
 
   Rissa   ii  364 
 
   Rissoa   ii  510 
 
   Rita   ii  442 
 
  River hog  of West Africa  figure of  i  264 
    of Madagascar  figure of  i  278 
 
  Rivers  limiting the range of mammalia  i  12 
    limiting the range of birds  i  17 
 
  River scene in West Africa  i  264 
 
  River snails  ii  510 
 
   Rivulus   ii  450 
 
  Rock snakes  ii  381 
 
  Rocky mountain sub region  ii  129 
    mammalia of  ii  129 
    birds of  ii  130 
    reptiles  amphibia  and fishes of  ii  130 
 
  Rodentia  classification of  i  90 
    range of Pal  arctic genera of  i  242 
    range of Ethiopian genera of  i  304 
    range of Oriental genera of  i  374 
    range of Australian genera of  i  476 
 
   Rodentia   European Pliocene  i  113 
    Miocene of Greece  i  116 
    European Miocene  i  120 
    European Eocene  i  126 
    N  American Post Pliocene  i  130 
    N  American Tertiary  i  139 
    of Brazilian caves  i  144 
    S  American Pliocene  i  147 
    of S  American Eocene  i  148 
 
  RODENTIA  ii  229 
 
  Rodentia  general remarks on the distribution of  ii  243 
 
   Rodentia   summary and conclusion  ii  543 
 
   Rohteichthys   ii  452 
 
  Rollers  ii  311 
 
   Rollulus   ii  339 
 
   Romaleosoma   ii  474 
 
  Rose chafers  ii  494 
 
   Rostrhamus   ii  349 
 
  Rough tailed burrowing snakes  ii  374 
 
  Ruff  figure of  i  195 
 
   Rupicapra   ii  224  225 
 
  RUPICAPRIN    ii  224 
 
   Rupicola   ii  102  293 
 
  RUPICOLIN    ii  293 
 
   Ruticilla   ii  259 
 
  RUTICILLIN    ii  257 
 
  S  
 
   Saccobranchus   ii  441 
 
   Saccodon   ii  445 
 
  SACCOMYID    ii  233 
 
   Saccomys   ii  233 
 
   Saccostomus   ii  230 
 
   Sagda   ii  516 
 
  Sahara  a debatable land  i  251 
 
  Saiga  antelope of W  Tartary  i  218 
 
   Saiga   ii  223 
 
   Saimiris   ii  175 
 
  Sakis  ii  175 
 
   Salamandra   ii  413 
 
  SALAMANDRID    ii  413 
 
   Salamandrina   ii  413 
 
   Salarix   ii  448 
 
   Salminus   ii  445 
 
   Salmo   ii  447 
 
  SALMONID    ii  447 
 
   Salpinctes   ii  264 
 
   Salpornis   ii  264 
 
   Saltator   ii  99 
 
  Salvin  Mr   on birds of Galapagos  ii  30 
 
   Sambus   ii  496 
 
  Samoa Islands  birds of  i  443 
 
  Sand grouse  Pallas   of Mongolia  i  226 
    ii  337 
 
  Sand lizards  ii  398 
 
  Sandpipers  ii  353 
 
  Sandwich Islands  birds of  i  445 
    probable past history of  i  446 
    mountain plants of  i  446 
    depth of ocean around  i  447 
 
   Sanzinia   ii  381 
 
   Saperda   ii  501 
 
   Sapphironia   ii  109 
 
   Sarcodaces   ii  445 
 
   Sarcophilus   ii  249 
 
  SARCORHAMPHIN    ii  346 
 
   Sarcorhamphus   ii  346 
 
   Sargus   ii  427 
 
   Sarkidiornis   ii  363 
 
   Saroglossa   ii  288 
 
   Sarotherodon   ii  438 
 
   Sasia   ii  303 
 
   Satanoperca   ii  439 
 
  SATYRID    ii  471 
 
   Satyrites Reynesii   European Cretaceous insect  i  167 
 
   Satyrus   ii  471 
 
   Saucerottia   ii  109 
 
  Saunders  Mr  Edward  on the Buprestid   of Japan  i  229 
 
   Saurocetes   ii  210 
 
   Saurophis   ii  392 
 
   Saurothera   ii  309 
 
   Saxicola   ii  260 
 
   Saxicolin     ii  257 
 
   Sayornis   ii  100  291 
 
  Scallops  ii  533 
 
   Scalops   ii  190 
 
   Scapanus   ii  190 
 
   Scaphiopus   ii  417 
 
   Scaphirhynchus   ii  459 
 
   Scaptochirus   ii  190 
 
   Scaptonyx   ii  190 
 
   Scaraphites   ii  490 
 
   Scardafella   ii  333 
 
   Scarites   ii  489 
 
   Scelidotherium   in Brazilian caves  i  145 
    S  American Pliocene  i  147 
    ii  245 
 
   Scelodontis   ii  490 
 
   Sceloporus   ii  401 
 
   Scelotes   ii  398 
 
   Schacra   ii  452 
 
   Schasicheila   ii  522 
 
   Schiffornis   ii  102 
 
   Schilbe   ii  442 
 
   Schilbichthys   ii  442 
 
   Schismaderma   ii  415 
 
   Schistes   ii  108 
 
   Schistopleurum   S  American Pliocene  i  147 
 
   Schizodon   ii  238 
 
   Schizogenius   ii  490 
 
   Schizopygopsis   ii  452 
 
   Schizorhina   ii  494 
 
   Schizorhis   ii  307 
 
   Schizothorax   ii  452 
 
   Schoenionta   ii  502 
 
  Schweinfurth  Dr   on natural history of Central Africa  i  252 
    on limits of W  African sub region  i  262   note   
 
   Sciades   ii  443 
 
   Sci  na   ii  428 
 
  SCI  NID    ii  428 
 
  SCINCID    ii  396 
 
   Scincus   ii  397 
 
  Scinks  ii  396 
 
   Scissirostrum   ii  288 
 
   Scissor   ii  445 
 
   Sciuravus   N  American Eocene  i  140 
 
   Sciuravus   ii  236 
 
  SCIURID    ii  234 
 
   Sciuropterus   ii  235 
 
   Sciurus   European Miocene  i  120 
    European Eocene  i  126 
    ii  235  236 
 
  Sclater  Mr   on zoological regions  i  59 
    why his six regions are adopted  i  63 
    on birds of Sandwich Islands  i  445 
    on systematic position of  Certhidea   ii  31 
 
  Sclater and Salvin  Messrs   on Neotropical sub regions  ii  25 
 
  SCLERODERMI  ii  457 
 
   Sclerognathus   ii  451 
 
  SCLERURIN    ii  295 
 
   Sclerurus   ii  103 
 
   Scolecophagus   ii  282 
 
  SCOLOPACID    ii  353 
 
   Scolopax   ii  353 
 
   Scomber   ii  429 
 
  SCOMBRESOCID    ii  449 
 
   Scombresox   ii  449 
 
  SCOMBRID    ii  429 
 
  SCOPELID    ii  446 
 
   Scops   ii  350 
 
   Scopus   ii  360 
 
   Scortornis   ii  320 
 
   Scotopelia   ii  350 
 
   Scotophilus   ii  183 
 
   Scrapteira   ii  391 
 
  Screamers  ii  361 
 
  Scrub birds  ii  299 
 
  SCYLLID    ii  461 
 
   Scyllium   ii  461 
 
   Scytale   ii  379 
 
  SCYTALID    ii  379 
 
   Scytalopus   ii  297 
 
   Scythrops   ii  310 
 
  Sea  as a barrier to mammalia  i  13 
 
  Sea devils  ii  463 
 
  Seals  fossil in European Miocene  i  118 
    of Lake Baikal  i  218 
    ii  203 
 
  Sea pens  ii  505 
 
  Sea snails  ii  508 
 
  Sea snakes  ii  384 
 
   Sebastes   ii  428 
 
  Secondary formations  mammalian remains in  i  169 
 
  Secretary bird  of Africa  figure of  i  261 
    ii  346 
 
  Seemann  Dr   on protective resemblance of sloths  ii  24 
 
   Seisura   ii  270 
 
   Selache   ii  460 
 
   Selasphorus   ii  108 
 
   Selenidera   ii  307 
 
   Selenophorus   ii  490 
 
   Seleucides   ii  275 
 
   Semioptera   ii  275 
 
   Semiplotus   ii  452 
 
  SEMNOPITHECID    ii  171 
 
   Semnopithecus   European Pliocene  i  112 
    Miocene of Greece  i  115 
    European Miocene  i  117 
    Indian Miocene  i  121 
    ii  171 
    ii  178 
 
  Semper  Dr   on Philippine mammalia  i  345 
 
   Senira   ii  397 
 
  SEPIAD    ii  505 
 
  SEPID    ii  398 
 
   Seps   ii  398 
 
   Sepsina   ii  398 
 
   Sericinus   ii  479 
 
   Sericornis   ii  258 
 
   Sericulus   ii  275 
 
   Serilophus   ii  295 
 
  SERPENTARIID    ii  346 
 
   Serpentarius   European Miocene  i  162 
    ii  346 
 
   Serphophaga   ii  101 
 
   Serranus   ii  425 
 
   Serrasalmo   ii  445 
 
   Sesia   ii  482 
 
   Setophaga   ii  279 
 
   Setornis   ii  267 
 
  Seychelle Islands  zoology of  i  281 
    amphibia of  i  281 
 
  Shad  ii  454 
 
  Sharks  ii  460 
 
  Sharp  Dr   on Japan beetles  i  229 
 
  Sharpe  Mr  R  B   his arrangement of Accipitres  i  97 
    on birds of Cape Verd Islands  i  215 
    on classification of Cuckoos  ii  309 
 
  Sheath bills  ii  354 
 
  Sheep  Pal  arctic  i  182 
    ii  221 
 
  Short tailed burrowing snakes  ii  373 
 
  Shrikes  ii  272 
 
   Sialia   ii  260 
 
   Siamanga   ii  171 
 
   Siaphos   ii  397 
 
  Siberia  climate of  i  217 
 
  Siberian sub region  description of  i  216 
    mammalia of  i  217 
    birds of  i  219 
    reptiles and amphibia of  i  220 
    insects of  i  220 
 
   Sibia   ii  262 
 
   Siderone   ii  474 
 
   Sieboldia   ii  412 
 
   Sigmodon   ii  230 
 
   Silondia   ii  442 
 
   Silphomorpha   ii  490 
 
   Silubosaurus   ii  397 
 
   Siluranodon   ii  442 
 
   Silurichthys   ii  441 
 
  SILURID    ii  441 
 
   Silurus   ii  441 
 
   Silybura   ii  374 
 
   Simenia   ii  197 
 
   Simia   ii  171 
 
  SIMIID    ii  170 
 
   Simocephalus   ii  380 
 
   Simocyon   Miocene of Greece  i  115 
    ii  198 
 
   Simorhynchus   ii  367 
 
   Simotes   ii  375 
 
   Simpulopsis   ii  516 
 
   Sinopa   N  American Tertiary  i  134 
 
   Siphia   ii  270 
 
   Siphneus   ii  230 
 
   Siphonopsis   ii  411 
 
   Siphonorhis   ii  320 
 
   Siphonostoma   ii  457 
 
   Siren   ii  411 
 
  Sirenia  classification of  i  89 
    range of Ethiopian genera of  i  303 
    range of Oriental genus  i  374 
    range of Australian genus of  i  476 
 
   Sirenia   European Pliocene  i  112 
    European Miocene  i  119 
 
  SIRENIA  ii  210 
 
  SIRENID    ii  411 
 
  SIRENOIDEI  ii  458 
 
   Sirystes   ii  101 
 
   Sisor   ii  444 
 
   Sitana   ii  402 
 
   Sitta   ii  265 
 
   Sittasomus   ii  103 
 
   Sittella   ii  265 
 
  SITTID    ii  265 
 
   Siurus   ii  279 
 
   Siva   ii  266 
 
   Sivatherium   Indian Miocene  i  122 
       ii  226 
 
  Siwalik Hills  Miocene deposits of  i  121 
 
   Skenea   ii  510 
 
  Sloths  ii  244 
 
  Slugs  ii  517 
 
   Smaragdochrysis   ii  109 
 
   Smerinthus   ii  483 
 
   Smiliogaster   ii  453 
 
   Sminthus   ii  230 
 
  Smith  Mr  Frederick  on Hymenoptera of Japan  i  230 
 
   Smithornis   ii  270 
 
   Smutsia   ii  245 
 
  Snails  ii  512 
 
  Snake  at great elevation in Himalayas  i  220 
 
  Snakes  classification of  i  99 
    Eocene  i  165 
    large proportion of venomous species in Australia  i  396 
    of New Zealand  i  457 
    distribution and lines of migration of  ii  547 
 
  Snipes  ii  353 
 
  Society Islands  birds of  i  443 
 
  Socorro  zoology of  ii  60 
 
  Soft tortoises  ii  409 
 
   Solarium   ii  510 
 
   Solea   ii  441 
 
  SOLENID    ii  536 
 
   Solenodon   ii  188 
 
  SOLENOSTOMID    ii  456 
 
  Solitaire  ii  334 
 
   Somateria   ii  364 
 
   Soricictis   European Miocene  i  118 
    ii  196 
 
   Soricid     European Miocene  i  118 
 
  SORICID    ii  191 
 
   Soridia   ii  397 
 
   Sorubim   ii  442 
 
   Sotalia   ii  209 
 
  South African sub region  description of  i  266 
    mammalia of  i  267 
    birds of  i  267 
    reptiles of  i  268 
    amphibia of  i  268 
    fresh water fish of  i  268 
    butterflies of  i  268 
    coleoptera of  i  268 
    summary of its zoology  i  269 
 
  South America  fossil fauna of  i  143 
    Pliocene deposits of  i  146 
    supposed land connection with Australia  i  398 
 
  South America and Africa  parallelism of their past zoological history  
      ii  83 
 
  South Australia  peculiar birds of  i  441 
 
  SPALACID    ii  231 
 
   Spalacomys   ii  230 
 
   Spalacopus   ii  238 
 
   Spalax   ii  231 
 
   Sparganura   ii  108 
 
  SPARID    ii  426 
 
   Spatula   ii  364 
 
  Species  representative  i  4 
 
   Spelerpes   ii  413 
 
   Speothos   in Brazilian caves  i  145 
 
   Spermestes   ii  287 
 
   Spermophila   ii  285 
 
   Spermophilus   European Miocene  i  120 
    ii  235  236 
 
   Spermospiza   ii  286 
 
  Sperm Whales  ii  207 
 
   Sph  rocephalus   ii  209 
 
   Sph  rodactylus   ii  400 
 
   Sph  roderus   ii  490 
 
   Sphallomorpha   ii  490 
 
   Sphecotheres   ii  268 
 
   Sphen  acus   ii  258 
 
  SPHENISCID    ii  366 
 
   Spheniscus   ii  366 
 
   Sphenocephalus   ii  398 
 
   Sphenodon   in Brazilian caves  i  115 
    ii  245 
 
   Sphenognathus   ii  493 
 
   Sphenoproctus   ii  107 
 
   Sphenops   ii  398 
 
   Sphenostoma   ii  266 
 
   Sphenura   ii  258 
 
  SPHINGID    ii  482 
 
  Sphingidea  distribution of  ii  483 
 
  SPHINGINA  ii  481 
 
   Sphingnotus   ii  501 
 
   Sphinx   in European Oolite  i  167 
    ii  482 
 
  Sphinx Moths  ii  482 
 
   Sphyrapicus   ii  303 
 
  SPHYRENID    ii  429 
 
  Spider monkeys  ii  174 
 
   Spilornis   ii  348 
 
   Spilotes   ii  376 
 
  SPINACID    ii  461 
 
   Spindalis   ii  98  284 
 
   Spiraxis   ii  515 
 
  SPIRIFERID    ii  532 
 
  SPIRULID    ii  505 
 
   Spiza  tus   ii  348 
 
   Spizella   ii  284 
 
   Spiziapteryx   ii  349 
 
   Spiziastur   ii  348 
 
   Spodiornis   ii  285 
 
   Sponsor   ii  497 
 
  Spoonbills  ii  360 
 
   Sporadinus   ii  109 
 
   Sporopipes   ii  286 
 
  Sprat  ii  454 
 
   Spreo   ii  288 
 
   Squalodon   ii  210 
 
   Squaliobarbus   ii  452 
 
  SQUAMIPENNES  ii  427 
 
   Squatarola   ii  356 
 
  Squirrel monkeys  ii  175 
 
  Squirrels  ii  234 
 
  St  Helena  zoological features of  i  269 
    coleoptera of  i  270 
    landshells of  i  271 
 
  St  Thomas s Island  birds of  i  266 
 
   Stachyris   ii  261 
 
   Stactol  ma   ii  306 
 
  Stag beetles  ii  492 
 
   Stalagmosoma   ii  495 
 
  Starlings  ii  287 
 
   Starnoenas   ii  33 
 
  Stations  definition of  i  4 
 
   Staurotypus   ii  408 
 
   Steatomys   ii  230 
 
   Steatornis   ii  319 
 
  STEATORNITHID    ii  319 
 
   Steganura   ii  108 
 
   Stegnol  ma   ii  343 
 
   Stegophilus   ii  444 
 
   Stelgidopteryx   ii  281 
 
   Stellio   ii  402 
 
   Stellula   ii  108 
 
   Steneofiber   European Miocene  i  120 
    ii  234 
 
   Steno   ii  209 
 
   Stenodactylus   ii  400 
 
   Stenogyra   ii  515 
 
   Stenopsis   ii  320 
 
   Stenopus   ii  516 
 
   Stenorhina   ii  375 
 
   Stenorhynchus   ii  204 
    ii  421 
 
   Stephanophorus   ii  98 
 
   Stercorarius   ii  304 
 
   Sterna   ii  364 
 
   Sternarchus   ii  455 
 
   Sternocera   ii  496 
 
   Sternoclyta   ii  107 
 
  STERNOPTYCHID    ii  446 
 
   Sternopygus   ii  455 
 
   Sternotheres   ii  408 
 
   Steropus   ii  489 
 
   Stesilea   ii  501 
 
   Stethodesma   ii  495 
 
   Sthenurus   Australian Post Tertiary  i  157 
    ii  251 
 
   Stich  us   ii  431 
 
  Sticklebacks  ii  424 
 
   Stigmatura   ii  101 
 
   Stigmodera   ii  496 
 
  STOMIATID    ii  447 
 
  Storks  ii  360 
 
   Stabomantis   ii  419 
 
  Straits of Magellan  mammalia of  ii  37 
    birds of  ii  39 
 
   Strepera   ii  273 
 
   Strepsilas   ii  356 
 
   Streptaulus   ii  520 
 
   Streptaxis   ii  515 
 
   Streptocerus   ii  493 
 
   Streptocitta   ii  274 
 
   Streptophorus   ii  374 
 
  STRIGID    ii  350 
 
   Stringops   ii  329 
 
  STRINGOPID    ii  329 
 
   Strix   European Miocene  i  162 
    ii  350 
 
  STROMBID    ii  507 
 
   Struthio   ii  368 
 
  Struthiones  arrangement of  i  98 
    range of Ethiopian genera of  i  313 
    range of Australian genera of  i  485 
 
  STRUTHIONES  ii  368 
    general remarks on the distribution of  ii  370 
 
  STRUTHIONID    ii  368 
 
  Struthious birds  probable origin of  i  287 
 
  Sturgeons  ii  459 
 
   Sturnella   ii  282 
 
   Sturnia   ii  287 
 
  STURNID    ii  287 
 
   Sturnopastor   ii  287 
 
   Sturnus   ii  287 
 
  STYGIID    ii  482 
 
   Stygogenes   ii  444 
 
   Stylinodontia   N  American Eocene  i  139 
 
   Stylinodontid     N  American Eocene  i  139 
 
   Styporhynchus   ii  376 
 
   Sublegatus   ii  101 
 
  Sub regions  on what principle formed  i  180 
    Pal  arctic  i  191 
    Ethiopian  i  258 
    Oriental  i  321 
    Australian  i  408 
    Neotropical  ii  21 
    Nearctic  ii  125 
 
   Succinea   ii  515 
 
  Sugar birds  ii  278 
 
   Suid     European Miocene  i  119 
 
  SUID    ii  214 
 
  Sula Islands  fauna of  i  433 
 
   Sula   ii  365 
 
  Summary of relations of regions  ii  155 
 
  Sun birds  ii  276 
 
  Sun bitterns  ii  358 
 
   Suricata   ii  195 
 
   Surnia   ii  350 
 
   Surniculus   ii  310 
 
   Sus   European Pliocene  i  113 
    Miocene of Greece  i  116 
    European Miocene  i  119 
    Indian Miocene  i  122 
    ii  215 
 
   Suthora   ii  262 
 
   Suya   ii  258 
 
  Swallows  ii  281 
 
  Swallow shrikes  ii  288 
 
  Swifts  ii  320 
 
  Swine  ii  214 
 
  Swinhoe  Mr   on zoology of Formosa and Hainan  i  332 
 
   Sycalis   ii  284 
 
   Sylvia   ii  259 
 
   Sylvietta   ii  264 
 
  SYLVIID    ii  256 
 
  SYLVIIN    ii  257 
 
   Sylviorthorhynchus   ii  103 
 
   Sylviparus   ii  266 
 
   Syma   ii  316 
 
   Symborodon   N  American Tertiary  i  137 
 
  SYMBRANCHID    ii  455 
 
   Symbranchus   ii  455 
 
   Symmachia   ii  476 
 
   Symmorphus   ii  269 
 
   Symph  dra   ii  474 
 
   Symphysodon   ii  439 
 
   Symplectes   ii  286 
 
  SYNALLAXIN    ii  295 
 
   Synallaxis   ii  103 
 
   Synaphodus   European Miocene  i  119 
 
   Synaptura   ii  441 
 
   Synchloe   ii  474 
 
   Syndesus   ii  493 
 
   Synemon   ii  481 
 
   Syngnathus   ii  457 
 
  SYNGNATHID    ii  457 
 
   Synodontis   ii  443 
 
   Synoplotherium   N  American Tertiary  i  134 
 
   Syntomis   ii  481 
 
   Syrnium   ii  350 
 
   Syrrhaptes   ii  337 
 
   Sysopygis   ii  101 
 
  T  
 
  Tables of distribution of families and genera explained  i  177 
 
   Taccocoua   ii  309 
 
   Tachydromus   ii  391 
 
   Tachyphonus   ii  99 
 
   Tachyris   ii  478 
 
   Tachytriorchis   ii  348 
 
   Tadorna   ii  363 
 
   T  niogale   ii  195 
 
   T  nioptera   ii  100  291 
 
  T  NIOPTERIN    ii  291 
 
   T  niura   ii  463 
 
   Talegallus   ii  342 
 
   Talpa   European Miocene  i  117 
    ii  190 
 
  TALPID    ii  190 
 
   Tamandua   ii  247 
 
   Tamias   ii  235  236 
 
   Tan  cia   ii  474 
 
  Tanagers  ii  283 
 
   Tanagra   ii  98 
 
   Tanagrella   ii  98 
 
  TANAGRID    ii  283 
 
   Tantalus   ii  361 
 
   Tanygnathus   ii  326 
 
   Tanysiptera   ii  316 
 
   Taoniscus   ii  344 
 
   Taphozous   ii  183 
 
   Tapir   fossil in N  China  i  123 
 
  Tapir  Malayan figure of  i  337 
 
   Tapirid     European Eocene  i  125 
 
  TAPIRID    ii  212 
 
  Tapirs  birthplace and migrations of  i  154 
    ii  212 
 
   Tapirus   European Pliocene  i  113 
    Indian Miocene  i  122 
    in Brazilian caves  i  144 
 
   Tarandus   ii  219 
 
   Tarentola   ii  400 
 
  Tarsier  Malayan  figure of  i  337 
 
   Tarsiger   ii  259 
 
  TARSIID    ii  177 
 
   Tarsipes   ii  252 
 
   Tarsius   ii  177 
 
  Tasmania  comparative zoological poverty of  i  441 
 
   Tatare   ii  258 
 
   Tatusia   ii  246 
 
   Taxidea   ii  199 
 
   Taxila   ii  475 
 
   Taxodon   European Miocene  i  118 
    ii  200 
 
   Taygetis   ii  471 
 
   Tchitrea   ii  271 
 
  TECTONARCHIN    ii  275 
 
  Teguexius  ii  390 
 
  TEID    ii  390 
 
   Teinopalpus   ii  479 
 
   Teira   ii  391 
 
   Teius   ii  390 
 
   Teleopis   ii  375 
 
  TELEOSTEI  ii  424 
 
   Telephonus   ii  272 
 
   Tellia   ii  450 
 
  TELLINID    ii  506 
 
   Telmatobius   N  American Cretaceous  i  164 
    ii  417 
 
   Telmatolestes   N  American Tertiary  i  133 
 
   Temnotrogon   ii  314 
 
   Temnurus   ii  273 
 
   Tephrocorys   ii  289 
 
   Tephrodornis   ii  272 
 
   Teracolus   ii  478 
 
   Terebratula   ii  539 
 
  TEREBRATULID    ii  532 
 
   Terekia   ii  353 
 
   Terenura   ii  104 
 
   Teretristis   ii  279 
 
   Terias   ii  478 
 
   Terinos   ii  474 
 
  Terns  ii  364 
 
   Terrapene   ii  408 
 
  Terrestrial Molluscs  ii  512 
 
  Terrestrial Mollusca  summary and conclusion  ii  551 
    lines of migration of  ii  552 
 
   Tesia   ii  263 
 
   Testacella   ii  516 
    ii  517 
 
  TESTUDINID    ii  407 
 
   Testudo   Miocene of Greece  i  116 
    Indian Miocene  i  123 
    great antiquity of the genus  i  289 
 
   Testudo   ii  408 
 
   Tethionea   ii  501 
 
  TETRABRANCHIATA  ii  506 
 
   Tetracha   ii  486  487 
 
   Tetrachus   European Miocene  i  117 
 
   Tetraceros   ii  224 
 
   Tetracus   ii  188 
 
   Tetradactylus   ii  397 
 
   Tetragonoderus   ii  490 
 
   Tetragonops   ii  306 
 
   Tetragonopterus   ii  445 
 
   Tetragonosoma  ii  380  
 
   Tetranematichthys   ii  443 
 
   Tetrao albus   in Italian caverns  i  161 
 
   Tetrao   ii  339 
 
   Tetraogallus   ii  339 
 
  TETRAONID    ii  338 
 
   Tetraophasis   ii  340 
 
   Tetrodon   ii  457 
 
  TEUTHID    ii  505 
 
  TEUTHIDID    ii  433 
 
   Textor   ii  286 
 
   Thais   ii  479 
 
   Thalassarctos   ii  201 
 
   Thalassictis   Miocene of Greece  i  115 
    European Miocene  i  118 
    ii  195 
    ii  197 
 
   Thalassornis   ii  364 
 
   Thaleichthys   ii  447 
 
   Thalurania   ii  107 
 
   Thamnistes   ii  104 
 
   Thamnobia   ii  260 
 
   Thamnodyastes   ii  379 
 
   Thamnomanes   ii  104 
 
  THAMNOPHILIN    ii  297 
 
   Thamnophilus   ii  104 
 
   Thaumalea   ii  340 
 
   Thaumantis   ii  472 
 
   Thaumastura   ii  108 
 
   Thaumatias   ii  109 
 
   Thecla   ii  477 
 
   Theloderma   ii  419 
 
   Theope   ii  476 
 
   Theorema   ii  477 
 
   Theraps   ii  438 
 
   Therates   ii  486 
 
   Theridomys   European Miocene  i  126 
    European Eocene  i  126 
    S  American Eocene  i  148 
    ii  239 
 
   Theropithecus   ii  173 
 
   Thestias   ii  478 
 
   Thestor   ii  477 
 
   Thetia   ii  391 
 
  THINOCORID    ii  354 
 
   Thinocorus   ii  354 
 
   Thinohyus   N  American Tertiary  i  137 
    ii  215 
 
   Thinolestes   N  American Tertiary  i  133 
 
   Thinornis   ii  356 
 
   Thomomys   ii  233 
 
   Thous   ii  197 
 
   Thrasa  tus   ii  348 
 
   Threnetes   ii  107 
 
   Thripadectes   ii  103 
 
   Thripophaga   ii  103 
 
   Thryophilus   ii  263 
 
   Thryothorus   ii  263 
 
  Thrushes  ii  255 
 
   Thyca   ii  471 
 
   Thylacinus   Australian Post Tertiary  i  157 
    ii  249 
 
   Thylacoleo   Australian Post Tertiary  i  157 
    ii  252 
 
   Thymallus   ii  447 
 
   Thynnichthys   ii  452 
 
   Thynnus   ii  429 
 
   Thyreopterus   ii  491 
 
   Thyrus   ii  398 
 
   Tiaris   ii  284 
    ii  402 
 
   Tichodroma   ii  264 
 
   Tiga   ii  303 
 
  Tiger beetles  ii  486 
 
   Tigrisoma   ii  359 
 
   Tijuca   ii  102 
 
   Tillodontia   N  American Eocene  i  139 
 
   Tillotherid     N  American Eocene  i  139 
 
   Tillotherium   N  American Eocene  i  139 
 
   Tilmatura   ii  108 
 
   Timalia   ii  261 
 
  TIMALIID    ii  260 
 
   Timetes   ii  474 
 
  Timor  physical features of  i  389 
    group  mammalia of  i  422 
    birds of  i  422 
    origin of fauna of  i  424 
    insects of  i  426 
 
  TINAMID    ii  343 
 
  TINAMIN    ii  344 
 
  Tinamous  ii  343 
 
  TINAMOTIN    ii  344 
 
   Tinamotis   ii  344 
 
   Tinamus   ii  344 
 
   Tinca   ii  452 
 
   Tinoceras   N  American Eocene  i  139 
 
   Titanomys   European Miocene  i  121 
    ii  242 
 
   Titanotherium   N  American Tertiary  i  137 
 
  Tits  ii  265 
 
   Tityra   ii  102 
 
  TITYRIN    ii  293 
 
   Tmesisternus   ii  501 
 
  Toads  ii  415 
 
   Tockus   ii  317 
 
  TODID    ii  313 
 
  Todies  ii  313 
 
   Todirhamphus   ii  316 
 
   Todirostrum   ii  101 
 
   Todopsis   ii  271 
 
   Todus   ii  313 
 
   Tolypeutes   ii  246 
 
   Tomarctos   N  American Tertiary  i  135 
 
   Tomistoma   ii  405 
 
   Tomodon   ii  175 
 
  Tonga Islands  birds of  i  443 
 
   Topaza   ii  107 
 
  TORNATELLID    ii  530 
 
  TORPEDINID    ii  462 
 
  Tortoises  classification of  i  100 
    of Mascarene Islands and Galapagos  i  289 
    ii  407 
 
  TORTRICID    ii  373 
 
   Tortrix   ii  373 
 
   Totanus   ii  353 
 
  Toucans  ii  306 
 
  Touraco of W  Africa  figure of  i  264 
 
   Toxodon   S  American Pliocene  i  137 
 
   Toxodontid     S  American Pliocene  i  147 
 
   Toxotus   ii  502 
 
   Trachelyopterus   ii  443 
 
  TRACHINID    ii  428 
 
   Trachinus   ii  428 
 
   Trachurus   ii  429 
 
   Trachycephalus   ii  401 
    ii  418 
 
   Trachydosaurus   ii  397 
 
   Trachyphonus   ii  306 
 
  TRACHYPTERID    ii  432 
 
   Trachytherium   European Miocene  i  119 
 
  TRAGELAPHIN    ii  223 
 
   Tragelaphus   ii  223 
 
   Tragocerus   Miocene of Greece  i  116 
    European Miocene  i  120 
 
  Tragopan  Himalayan  figure of  i  331 
 
   Tragops   ii  379 
 
  TRAGULID    ii  218 
 
   Tragulus   ii  218 
 
   Trapelus   ii  402 
 
   Trechus   ii  489 
 
  Tree crows  ii  273 
 
  Tree kangaroo  figure of  i  415 
 
  Tree shrew of Borneo  figure of  i  337 
 
  Tree snakes  ii  378 
 
   Tremarctos   ii  202 
 
   Treron   ii  332 
 
  Tres Marias  zoology of  ii  59 
 
   Tribolonotus   ii  397 
 
   Triboniophorus   ii  517 
 
   Tribonyx   ii  352 
 
   Trichastoma   ii  261 
 
  TRICHECHID    ii  203 
 
   Trichechus   N  American Post Pliocene  i  130 
    ii  203 
 
  TRICHIURID    ii  429 
 
   Trichixos   ii  262 
 
  TRICHOGLOSSID    ii  327 
 
  Trichoglossid    birds specially adapted to Australia  i  393 
 
   Trichoglossus   ii  327 
 
   Trichol  ma   ii  306 
 
   Trichomycterus   ii  444 
 
   Trycondyla   ii  486 
 
   Trichonis   ii  477 
 
  TRICHONOTID    ii  435 
 
   Trichothraupis   ii  99 
 
   Trichotropis   ii  507 
 
   Triclaria   ii  328 
 
  TRIDACNID    ii  535 
 
   Trigla   ii  428 
 
  TRIGLID    ii  427 
 
   Trigona   ii  536 
 
  TRIGONIAD    ii  534 
 
   Trigonoptera   ii  501 
 
   Trimeresurus   ii  385 
 
   Tringa   ii  353 
 
   Tringoides   ii  353 
 
  TRIONYCHID    ii  409 
 
   Trionyx   Indian Miocene  i  123 
    Miocene and Eocene  i  165 
    ii  409 
 
   Triprion   ii  418 
 
   Triptorhinus   ii  297 
 
  Tristan d Acunha  zoology of  i  271 
 
  Tristram  Canon  summary of the birds of Palestine  i  203 
    on the arrangement of the Sylviid    ii  257 
 
   Triton   ii  413 
 
  TRITONIAD    ii  530 
 
   Trochalopteron   ii  261 
 
   Trochatella   ii  522 
 
  TROCHILID    ii  321 
 
   Trochilus   ii  108 
 
   Trochus   ii  510 
 
   Troglodytes   ii  170 
    ii  263 
 
  TROGLODYTID    ii  263 
 
  Trogon  European Miocene  i  161 
    ii  314 
 
   Trogon   ii  314 
 
  TROGONID    ii  314 
 
  TROGONOPHID    ii  388 
 
  Trogonophis  ii  388 
 
   Trogontherium   Post Pliocene of Europe  i  111 
    ii  234 
 
   Tropidechis   ii  383 
 
   Tropidococcyx   ii  379 
 
   Tropidodipsas   ii  379 
 
   Tropidolepis   ii  401 
 
   Tropidolepisma   ii  397 
 
   Tropidonotus   ii  375 
 
   Tropidophorus   ii  397 
 
   Tropidopterus   ii  490 
 
   Tropidorhynchus   ii  276 
 
   Trucifelis   N  American Post Pliocene  i  129 
 
   Trugon   ii  333 
 
  Trumpeters  ii  358 
 
   Truncatella   ii  519 
 
   Trgyon   ii  463 
 
  TRYGONID    ii  463 
 
  Tuatara  ii  405 
 
   Tudora   ii  521 
 
  Tundras of Siberia  greatest extent of  i  216 
 
   Tupaia   ii  186 
 
  TUPAIID    ii  186 
 
   Tupaiid     European Miocene  i  118 
 
   Turacoena   ii  333 
 
  Turacos  ii  307 
 
   Turacus   ii  307 
 
  TURBINID    ii  510 
 
  TURDID    ii  255 
 
   Turdinus   ii  262 
 
   Turdus   ii  256 
 
   Turnagra   ii  262 
 
  Turner  Mr   on classification of Edentata  i  90 
 
  TURNICID    ii  341 
 
   Turnix   ii  341 
 
  TURRITELLID    ii  509 
 
   Tursio   ii  209 
 
  Turtles  ii  409 
 
   Turtur   ii  333 
 
   Tylas   ii  267 
 
   Tylodon   European Eocene  i  125 
    ii  196 
 
   Tylognathus   ii  451 
 
   Tylotriton   ii  413 
 
   Typhlina   ii  372 
 
   Typhline   ii  372 
 
   Typhlocalamus   ii  374 
 
  TYPHLOPID    ii  372 
 
   Typhlops   ii  372 
 
   Typhloscincus   ii  399 
 
   Typotherium   S  American Pliocene  i  147 
 
  TYRANNID    ii  290 
 
  TYRANNIN    ii  291 
 
   Tyranniscus   ii  101 
 
   Tyrannulus   ii  101 
 
   Tyrannus   ii  102  291 
 
  Tyrant Shrikes  ii  290 
 
  U  
 
   Uaru   ii  439 
 
   Uintacyon   N  American Tertiary  i  134 
 
   Uintatherium   N  American Eocene  i  139 
 
   Uintornis   N  American Eocene  i  163 
 
   Uma   ii  401 
 
  UMBRID    ii  449 
 
   Umbrina   ii  428 
 
   Ungalia   ii  381 
 
  Ungulata  classification of  i  89 
    antiquity of  i  154 
    of the Pal  arctic region  i  182 
    range of Pal  arctic genera of  i  241 
    range of Ethiopian genera of  i  303 
    range of Oriental genera of  i  374 
    range of Australian genera of  i  476 
 
   Ungulata   European Pliocene  i  112 
    Miocene of Greece  i  115 
    European Miocene  i  119 
    Indian Miocene  i  121 
    European Eocene  i  125 
    N  American Post Pliocene  i  130 
    N  American Tertiary  i  135 
    of Brazilian caves  i  144 
    S  American Pliocene  i  146 
 
  UNGULATA  ii  211 
    general remarks on the distribution of  ii  226 
    summary and conclusion  ii  542 
 
   Unio   European Secondary  i  169 
    ii  534 
 
  UNIONID    ii  534 
 
   Upucerthia   ii  103 
 
  UPUPID    ii  317 
 
   Uragus   ii  285 
 
  Urania of Madagascar  i  282 
 
   Urania   ii  482 
 
  URANIID    ii  482 
 
   Uria   ii  367 
 
   Uroa  tus   ii  348 
 
   Urocissa   ii  273 
 
   Urochroa   ii  107 
 
   Urochroma   ii  328 
 
   Urocyon   ii  197 
 
  URODELA  ii  411 
 
   Urogalba   ii  311 
 
   Urolestes   ii  272 
 
   Uromastix   ii  402 
 
  UROPELTID    ii  373 
 
   Uuropeltis   ii  374 
 
   Uropsila   ii  264 
 
   Uropsilus   ii  190 
 
   Uropsophorus   ii  385 
 
   Urospatha   ii  313 
 
   Urospizias   ii  348 
 
   Urosticte   ii  108 
 
   Urotrichus   ii  190 
 
   Urotriorchis   ii  347 
 
   Ursid     N  American Tertiary  i  135 
    in Brazilian caves  i  144 
 
  URSID    ii  201 
 
   Ursitaxus   Indian Miocene  i  121 
    ii  200 
 
   Ursus   Post Pliocene  i  112 
    Indian Miocene  i  121 
    ii  201 
 
   Urubutinga   ii  348 
 
   Urva   ii  195 
 
   Uta   ii  401 
 
   Utica   ii  477 
 
  V  
 
   Vaginulus   ii  518 
 
   Valgus   ii  495 
 
   Valvata   ii  510 
 
  Vanga of Madagascar  figure of  i  278 
 
   Vanga   ii  272 
 
   Vandellia   ii  444 
 
   Vanellus   ii  356 
 
   Vanessa   ii  474 
 
  VARANID    ii  389 
 
   Varanus   Miocene of Greece  i  116 
    Indian Miocene  i  123 
 
  VENERID    ii  536 
 
   Venilia   ii  303 
 
   Vermicella   ii  383 
 
   Verreauxia   ii  303 
 
  Vertebrata  summary of Pal  arctic  i  186 
    summary of Ethiopian  i  255 
    summary of Oriental  i  318 
    summary of Australian  i  397 
    summary of Neotropical  ii  13 
    summary of Nearctic  ii  120 
 
   Vespertilio   European Eocene  i  125 
    ii  183 
 
  VESPERTILIONID    ii  183 
 
   Vidua   ii  286 
 
   Vipera   ii  385 
 
  VIPERID    ii  385 
 
   Viperus   European Miocene  i  165 
 
  Vipers  ii  385 
 
   Vireo   ii  280 
 
  VIREONID    ii  279 
 
   Vireolanius   ii  280 
 
   Vireosylvia   ii  280 
 
  Viscacha  ii  237 
 
   Vitrina   ii  516 
 
   Viverra   European Pliocene  i  112 
    European Miocene  i  118 
    ii  195 
 
   Viverricula   ii  195 
 
   Viverrid     European Miocene  i  118 
    European Eocene  i  125 
 
  VIVERRID    ii  194 
 
   Vivia   ii  303 
 
   Volatinia   ii  284 
 
   Voluta   ii  508 
 
  Volutes  ii  508 
 
  VOLUTID    ii  508 
 
   Volvocivora   ii  269 
 
   Vulpes   ii  197 
 
   Vultur   ii  346 
 
  VULTURID    ii  345 
 
  VULTURIN    ii  346 
 
  W  
 
  Wagtails  ii  290 
 
  Walden  Viscount  on birds of Philippine islands  i  346 
    on birds of Celebes  i  428 
    on arrangement of the Timaliid    ii  261 
 
   Wallago   ii  441 
 
  Wall lizards  ii  399 
 
  Walrus  ii  203 
 
  Wart snakes  ii  382 
 
   Washakius   N  American Tertiary  i  134 
 
  Waterhouse  Mr  G  R   on classification of rodentia  i  90 
    on classification of marsupials  i  91 
 
  Water lizards  ii  389 
 
  Weaver finches  ii  286 
 
  West African sub region  description of  i  262 
    mammalia of  i  262 
    birds of  i  262 
    Oriental or Malayan element in  i  263 
    river scene with characteristic animals  i  264 
    reptiles of  i  264 
    amphibia of  i  264 
    Oriental and Neotropical relations of  i  265 
    insects of  i  265 
    land shells of  i  265 
    islands of  i  265 
 
  West Australia  peculiar birds of  i  441 
 
  Whelks  ii  507 
 
  Whip snakes  ii  379 
 
  Whydah finch of W  Africa  figure of  i  264 
 
  Wing shells  ii  507 
    ii  533 
 
  Wollaston  Mr  T  V   on the Coleoptera of the Atlantic Islands  i  209 
    on the wings of the Madeiran beetles  i  211 
    on the origin of the insect fauna of the Atlantic Islands  i  214 
    on the Coleoptera of the Cape Verd Islands  i  215 
    on the beetles of St  Helena  i  270 
 
  Wombats  ii  253 
 
  Woodpeckers  ii  302 
 
  Wood warblers  ii  278 
 
  Woolly monkeys  ii  174 
 
  Wrens  ii  263 
 
  Wrynecks  ii  304 
 
  X  
 
   Xanthocephalus   ii  282 
 
   Xanthol  ma   ii  306 
 
   Xanthomelus   ii  275 
 
   Xanthopygia   ii  270 
 
   Xanthosomus   ii  282 
 
   Xanthotis   ii  275 
 
   Xema   ii  364 
 
   Xenelaphis   ii  376 
 
   Xenica   ii  471 
 
   Xenicus   ii  265 
 
   Xenochrophys   ii  375 
 
   Xenocypris   ii  452 
 
   Xenodermus   ii  376 
 
   Xenodon   ii  375 
 
  XENOPELTID    ii  373 
 
   Xenopeltis   ii  373 
 
   Xenophrys   ii  421 
 
   Xenopipo   ii  102 
 
   Xenops   ii  103 
 
   Xenorhina   ii  415 
 
  XENORHINID    ii  415 
 
   Xenospingus   ii  284 
 
   Xenurelaps   ii  383 
 
   Xenurus   in Brazilian caves  i  145 
    ii  246 
 
   Xiphias   ii  430 
 
   Xiphidiopicus   ii  303 
 
  XIPHIID    ii  430 
 
   Xiphius   ii  208 
 
   Xiphocolaptes   ii  103 
 
   Xiphodontid     European Miocene  i  119 
 
   Xipholena   ii  102 
 
   Xiphorhampus   ii  445 
 
   Xiphorhynchus   ii   103 
 
   Xiphostoma   ii  445 
 
   Xystrocera   ii  501 
 
  Y  
 
   Ypthima   ii  471 
 
   Yuhina   ii  266 
 
  YUNGID    ii  304 
 
   Yungipicus   ii  303 
 
   Yunx   ii  304 
 
  Z  
 
   Zabrus   ii  489 
 
   Zalophus   ii  203 
 
   Zamenis   ii  375 
 
   Zanclostomus   ii  309 
 
   Zaocys   ii  375 
 
  Zebras  ii  211 
 
   Zegris   ii  478 
 
   Zemeros   ii  475 
 
   Zenaida   ii  333 
 
   Zenaidura   ii  332 
 
   Zephyrus   ii  477 
 
   Zeuglodon   ii  210 
 
   Zeuglodontid     N  American Tertiary  i  140 
    ii  210 
 
   Zeus   ii  429 
 
   Zeuxidia   ii  472 
 
   Zoarces   ii  431 
 
   Zonites   ii  516 
 
   Zonites priscus   Pal  ozoic  i  169 
 
   Zonotrichia   ii  284 
 
  ZONURID    ii  391 
 
   Zonurus   ii  392 
 
  Zoological characteristics of Pal  arctic region  i  181 
    Ethiopian region  i  252 
    Oriental region  i  315 
    Australian region  i  390 
    of Neotropical region  ii  5 
    of Nearctic region  ii  115 
 
  Zoological regions  discussion on  i  50 
    their origin and relations  ii  155 161 
 
   Zoothera   ii  256 
 
   Zootoca   ii  391 
 
   Zosterops   ii  277 
 
   Zyg  na   ii  481 
 
  ZYG  NID    ii  481 
 
   Zygnopsis   ii  398 
 
 
THE END  
 
 
LONDON  R  CLAY  SONS  AND TAYLOR  PRINTERS  
 
 
 
Notes 
 
 1  Messrs  Sclater and Salvin  and Professor Newton  divide the 
    Neotropical Region into six sub regions  of which our  Brazilian 
    sub region  comprises three  the  Brazilian   the  Amazonian   and the 
     Columbian   but  after due consideration  it does not seem advisable 
    to adopt this subdivision in a general work which treats of all the 
    classes of terrestrial animals   See p  27   
 
 2  Mr  Salvin  who has critically examined the ornithological fauna of 
    these islands  has kindly corrected my MS  List of the Birds  his 
    valuable paper in the  Transactions of the Zoological Society  not 
    having been published in time for me to make use of it  
 
 3  This name will be used for the whole island of St  Domingo  as being 
    both shorter and more euphonious  and avoiding all confusion with 
    Dominica  one of the Lesser Antilles  It is also better known than 
     Hispaniola   which is perhaps the most correct name  
 
 4  Myospalax has hitherto formed part of the next family  Spalacid    but a 
    recent examination of its anatomy by M  Milne Edwards shows that it 
    belongs to the Murid    and comes near Arvicola  
 
 5  The species of the genera  Phylloscopus  and  Hypolais  are so mixed up 
    in the  Hand List   that Mr  Tristram has furnished me with the 
    following enumeration of the species which in his view properly belong 
    to them  by the numbers in that work    
 
       Phylloscopus   
      3032 
      3033 
      3048   3038 
      3039 
      3063   3047   3054   3061 
      3048 
      3049 
      3050 
      3051 
      3052 
      3053 
      3056   3081 
      3057 
      3059 
      3060 
 
       Hypolais   
      3026 
      3028 
      3029 
      3054   3031   3036 
      3042 
      3043 
      304 
      3062   3047 
      3046   2932 
      3035 
      2976 
 
 6  The term  Malaya  is used here to include the Malay Peninsula  Sumatra  
    Borneo  and Java  a district to which many species and genera are 
    confined   Malay Archipelago  will be used to include both Indo Malaya 
    and Austro Malaya  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of The Geographical Distribution of 
Animals  Volume II  by Alfred Russel Wallace 
 
    END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK GEOGRAPHICAL DISTRIBUTION  VOL  2     
 
      This file should be named 56507 8 txt or 56507 8 zip       
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in  
        http   www gutenberg org 5 6 5 0 56507  
 
Produced by Keith Edkins  MWS and the Online Distributed 
Proofreading Team at http   www pgdp net  This file was 
produced from images generously made available by The 
Internet Archive  
 
 
Updated editions will replace the previous one  the old editions 
will be renamed  
 
Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no 
one owns a United States copyright in these works  so the Foundation 
 and you   can copy and distribute it in the United States without 
permission and without paying copyright royalties   Special rules  
set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license  apply to 
copying and distributing Project Gutenberg tm electronic works to 
protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG tm concept and trademark   Project 
Gutenberg is a registered trademark  and may not be used if you 
charge for the eBooks  unless you receive specific permission   If you 
do not charge anything for copies of this eBook  complying with the 
rules is very easy   You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose 
such as creation of derivative works  reports  performances and 
research   They may be modified and printed and given away  you may do 
practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks   Redistribution is 
subject to the trademark license  especially commercial 
redistribution  
 
 
 
    START  FULL LICENSE     
 
THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE 
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK 
 
To protect the Project Gutenberg tm mission of promoting the free 
distribution of electronic works  by using or distributing this work 
 or any other work associated in any way with the phrase  Project 
Gutenberg    you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project 
Gutenberg tm License  available with this file or online at 
http   gutenberg org license   
 
 
Section 1   General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg tm 
electronic works 
 
1 A   By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg tm 
electronic work  you indicate that you have read  understand  agree to 
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property 
 trademark copyright  agreement   If you do not agree to abide by all 
the terms of this agreement  you must cease using and return or destroy 
all copies of Project Gutenberg tm electronic works in your possession  
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project 
Gutenberg tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the 
terms of this agreement  you may obtain a refund from the person or 
entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1 E 8  
 
1 B    Project Gutenberg  is a registered trademark   It may only be 
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who 
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement   There are a few 
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg tm electronic works 
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement   See 
paragraph 1 C below   There are a lot of things you can do with Project 
Gutenberg tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement 
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg tm electronic 
works   See paragraph 1 E below  
 
1 C   The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation   the Foundation  
or PGLAF   owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project 
Gutenberg tm electronic works   Nearly all the individual works in the 
collection are in the public domain in the United States   If an 
individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are 
located in the United States  we do not claim a right to prevent you from 
copying  distributing  performing  displaying or creating derivative 
works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg 
are removed   Of course  we hope that you will support the Project 
Gutenberg tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by 
freely sharing Project Gutenberg tm works in compliance with the terms of 
this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg tm name associated with 
the work   You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by 
keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project 
Gutenberg tm License when you share it without charge with others  
 
1 D   The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern 
what you can do with this work   Copyright laws in most countries are in 
a constant state of change   If you are outside the United States  check 
the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement 
before downloading  copying  displaying  performing  distributing or 
creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project 
Gutenberg tm work   The Foundation makes no representations concerning 
the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United 
States  
 
1 E   Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg  
 
1 E 1   The following sentence  with active links to  or other immediate 
access to  the full Project Gutenberg tm License must appear prominently 
whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg tm work  any work on which the 
phrase  Project Gutenberg  appears  or with which the phrase  Project 
Gutenberg  is associated  is accessed  displayed  performed  viewed  
copied or distributed  
 
This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with 
almost no restrictions whatsoever   You may copy it  give it away or 
re use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included 
with this eBook or online at www gutenberg org license 
 
1 E 2   If an individual Project Gutenberg tm electronic work is derived 
from the public domain  does not contain a notice indicating that it is 
posted with permission of the copyright holder   the work can be copied 
and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees 
or charges   If you are redistributing or providing access to a work 
with the phrase  Project Gutenberg  associated with or appearing on the 
work  you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1 E 1 
through 1 E 7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the 
Project Gutenberg tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1 E 8 or 
1 E 9  
 
1 E 3   If an individual Project Gutenberg tm electronic work is posted 
with the permission of the copyright holder  your use and distribution 
must comply with both paragraphs 1 E 1 through 1 E 7 and any additional 
terms imposed by the copyright holder   Additional terms will be linked 
to the Project Gutenberg tm License for all works posted with the 
permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work  
 
1 E 4   Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg tm 
License terms from this work  or any files containing a part of this 
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg tm  
 
1 E 5   Do not copy  display  perform  distribute or redistribute this 
electronic work  or any part of this electronic work  without 
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1 E 1 with 
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project 
Gutenberg tm License  
 
1 E 6   You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary  
compressed  marked up  nonproprietary or proprietary form  including any 
word processing or hypertext form   However  if you provide access to or 
distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg tm work in a format other than 
 Plain Vanilla ASCII  or other format used in the official version 
posted on the official Project Gutenberg tm web site  www gutenberg org   
you must  at no additional cost  fee or expense to the user  provide a 
copy  a means of exporting a copy  or a means of obtaining a copy upon 
request  of the work in its original  Plain Vanilla ASCII  or other 
form   Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg tm 
License as specified in paragraph 1 E 1  
 
1 E 7   Do not charge a fee for access to  viewing  displaying  
performing  copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg tm works 
unless you comply with paragraph 1 E 8 or 1 E 9  
 
1 E 8   You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing 
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg tm electronic works provided 
that 
 
  You pay a royalty fee of 20  of the gross profits you derive from 
     the use of Project Gutenberg tm works calculated using the method 
     you already use to calculate your applicable taxes   The fee is 
     owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg tm trademark  but he 
     has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the 
     Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation   Royalty payments 
     must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you 
     prepare  or are legally required to prepare  your periodic tax 
     returns   Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and 
     sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the 
     address specified in Section 4   Information about donations to 
     the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation   
 
  You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies 
     you in writing  or by e mail  within 30 days of receipt that s he 
     does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg tm 
     License   You must require such a user to return or 
     destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium 
     and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of 
     Project Gutenberg tm works  
 
  You provide  in accordance with paragraph 1 F 3  a full refund of any 
     money paid for a work or a replacement copy  if a defect in the 
     electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days 
     of receipt of the work  
 
  You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free 
     distribution of Project Gutenberg tm works  
 
1 E 9   If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg tm 
electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set 
forth in this agreement  you must obtain permission in writing from 
both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael 
Hart  the owner of the Project Gutenberg tm trademark   Contact the 
Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below  
 
1 F  
 
1 F 1   Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable 
effort to identify  do copyright research on  transcribe and proofread 
public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg tm 
collection   Despite these efforts  Project Gutenberg tm electronic 
works  and the medium on which they may be stored  may contain 
 Defects   such as  but not limited to  incomplete  inaccurate or 
corrupt data  transcription errors  a copyright or other intellectual 
property infringement  a defective or damaged disk or other medium  a 
computer virus  or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by 
your equipment  
 
1 F 2   LIMITED WARRANTY  DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES   Except for the  Right 
of Replacement or Refund  described in paragraph 1 F 3  the Project 
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation  the owner of the Project 
Gutenberg tm trademark  and any other party distributing a Project 
Gutenberg tm electronic work under this agreement  disclaim all 
liability to you for damages  costs and expenses  including legal 
fees   YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE  STRICT 
LIABILITY  BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE 
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1 F 3   YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION  THE 
TRADEMARK OWNER  AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE 
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL  DIRECT  INDIRECT  CONSEQUENTIAL  PUNITIVE OR 
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH 
DAMAGE  
 
1 F 3   LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND   If you discover a 
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it  you can 
receive a refund of the money  if any  you paid for it by sending a 
written explanation to the person you received the work from   If you 
received the work on a physical medium  you must return the medium with 
your written explanation   The person or entity that provided you with 
the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a 
refund   If you received the work electronically  the person or entity 
providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to 
receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund   If the second copy 
is also defective  you may demand a refund in writing without further 
opportunities to fix the problem  
 
1 F 4   Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth 
in paragraph 1 F 3  this work is provided to you  AS IS  WITH NO OTHER 
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND  EXPRESS OR IMPLIED  INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE  
 
1 F 5   Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied 
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages  
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the 
law of the state applicable to this agreement  the agreement shall be 
interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by 
the applicable state law   The invalidity or unenforceability of any 
provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions  
 
1 F 6   INDEMNITY   You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation  the 
trademark owner  any agent or employee of the Foundation  anyone 
providing copies of Project Gutenberg tm electronic works in accordance 
with this agreement  and any volunteers associated with the production  
promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg tm electronic works  
harmless from all liability  costs and expenses  including legal fees  
that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do 
or cause to occur   a  distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg tm 
work   b  alteration  modification  or additions or deletions to any 
Project Gutenberg tm work  and  c  any Defect you cause  
 
 
Section  2   Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg tm 
 
Project Gutenberg tm is synonymous with the free distribution of 
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers 
including obsolete  old  middle aged and new computers   It exists 
because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from 
people in all walks of life  
 
Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the 
assistance they need  are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg tm s 
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg tm collection will 
remain freely available for generations to come   In 2001  the Project 
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure 
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg tm and future generations  
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation 
and how your efforts and donations can help  see Sections 3 and 4 
and the Foundation web page at http   www pglaf org  
 
 
Section 3   Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive 
Foundation 
 
The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit 
501 c  3  educational corporation organized under the laws of the 
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal 
Revenue Service   The Foundation s EIN or federal tax identification 
number is 64 6221541   Its 501 c  3  letter is posted at 
http   pglaf org fundraising   Contributions to the Project Gutenberg 
Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent 
permitted by U S  federal laws and your state s laws  
 
The Foundation s principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr  S  
Fairbanks  AK  99712   but its volunteers and employees are scattered 
throughout numerous locations   Its business office is located at 
809 North 1500 West  Salt Lake City  UT 84116   801  596 1887  email 
business pglaf org   Email contact links and up to date contact 
information can be found at the Foundation s web site and official 
page at http   pglaf org 
 
For additional contact information  
     Dr  Gregory B  Newby 
     Chief Executive and Director 
     gbnewby pglaf org 
 
 
Section 4   Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg 
Literary Archive Foundation 
 
Project Gutenberg tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide 
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of 
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be 
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest 
array of equipment including outdated equipment   Many small donations 
  1 to  5 000  are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt 
status with the IRS  
 
The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating 
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United 
States   Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a 
considerable effort  much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up 
with these requirements   We do not solicit donations in locations 
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance   To 
SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any 
particular state visit http   pglaf org 
 
While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we 
have not met the solicitation requirements  we know of no prohibition 
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who 
approach us with offers to donate  
 
International donations are gratefully accepted  but we cannot make 
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from 
outside the United States   U S  laws alone swamp our small staff  
 
Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation 
methods and addresses   Donations are accepted in a number of other 
ways including checks  online payments and credit card donations  
To donate  please visit  http   pglaf org donate 
 
 
Section 5   General Information About Project Gutenberg tm electronic 
works  
 
Professor Michael S  Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg tm 
concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared 
with anyone   For thirty years  he produced and distributed Project 
Gutenberg tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support  
 
 
Project Gutenberg tm eBooks are often created from several printed 
editions  all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U S  
unless a copyright notice is included   Thus  we do not necessarily 
keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition  
 
 
Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility  
 
     http   www gutenberg org 
 
This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg tm  
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary 
Archive Foundation  how to help produce our new eBooks  and how to 
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks  
